A buy to let mortgage is a mortgage loan specifically designed for this purpose.
A cable car station lies on the summit and gives access to the Klein Matterhorn.
Acacia orthotropica is a shrub of the genus Acacia and the subgenus Plurinerves.
Acacia teretifolia is a shrub of the genus Acacia and the subgenus Phyllodineae.
Acacia trudgeniana is a shrub of the genus Acacia and the subgenus Phyllodineae.
Academics attempting to understand business behavior employ descriptive methods.
A canal was constructed to provide water from the catchment of the river Lozoya.
Acanthaluteres is a genus of filefishes native to the Indian and Pacific Oceans.
Acanthamoeba strains can also infect human eyes causing acanthamoebic keratitis.
Acanthiophilus is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
A Cappella Records is an American record label specializing in a cappella music.
A Cartazzi axle is a design of leading or trailing wheel support used worldwide.
A casting call for a second season was announced at the end of the reunion show.
A cavity switch is a device that modulates cavity properties in the time domain.
Access to the cave is controlled by the Indiana Department of Natural Resources.
According to Allen Varney of The Duelist the game was said to be "utterly dull."
According to Eilert Ekwall the meaning of the village name is the wide clearing.
According to John Bolt this means the brevitas et dilucidatio of Thomas Aquinas.
According to the legend it comes from Westphalia to Moravia and to Poland later.
Accountable Beasts is the third solo album from Black Sabbath drummer Bill Ward.
Account planning brings the consumer into the process of developing advertising.
A cemetery on the site was the final resting place of many noted Wilmingtonians.
A certain amount of overlap occurs with similar planning and conservation terms.
A certified email aims to guarantee the same legal validity as a certified mail.
ACE works to connect and represent half a million Europeans of Assyrian descent.
Achada Tenda is also a small volcanic plateau that give its name to the village.
Achaia Channel is a Greek local TV station serving all of the Achaia prefecture.
A chalazion may occur following a stye or from hardened oils blocking the gland.
A chapel for Francesco Pucci houses a Holy Family and Saints by Jacopo Pontormo.
A cheese knife is a type of kitchen knife specialized for the cutting of cheese.
Achille C. Varzi is a second cousin of the Italian racecar driver Achille Varzi.
Acinetobacter bouvetii is named after the French microbiologist Philippe Bouvet.
Acinoeuphranta is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
A civil wrong is capable of being followed by what are called civil proceedings.
A civil wrong or wrong is a cause of action under the law of the governing body.
A class action suit resulted from the failure of the product in the marketplace.
ACNS examines and advice on any specific matter that are referred to it by AERB.
A combination of State exam scores and other factors is used to select students.
A commemorative tour also took place with the album played live in its entirety.
A commercial product based on Nimrod called EnFuzion is available from Axceleon.
A COMMIT statement will also release any existing savepoints that may be in use.
A communication strip on the chart lists frequencies in the order they are used.
A companion television special entitled Under a Tennessee Moon was aired on ABC.
A Complete Demonstration is a compilation of early demo tracks by the band VAST.
A complete PTP system includes PTP functionality in network equipment and hosts.
Acompsia syriella is a moth of the Gelechiidae family which is endemic to Syria.
A Compulsory Drug Treatment Correctional unit is incorporated within the Center.
A constitution and Byelaws were drafted for ratification at the General Meeting.
A containment boom is a temporary floating barrier used to contain an oil spill.
A control committee monitors that participants adhere to the admission criteria.
A coordinate major is an ancillary major designed to complement the primary one.
A copy of the film is in the Museum of Modern Art and in other film collections.
Acostambo District is one of sixteen districts of the Tayacaja Province in Peru.
A cost center is a department within a business to which costs can be allocated.
A cotter is a pin or wedge passing through a hole to fix parts tightly together.
A cover has been recorded by Solveig Heilo from the Norwegian band Katzenjammer.
A critical edition by Peter Sabor includes a bibliography and explanatory notes.
Across Five Aprils is often considered the first novel of the Young Adult genre.
Acte was a freedwoman of ancient Rome who became a mistress of the emperor Nero.
Active components such as amplifiers are usually not housed in a helix building.
Actor A.K. Hangal had negative shades in his character of a crook called Dmello.
Actors who have taken on the title role include British comedian Rowan Atkinson.
Actually the building is used as the Vidalia branch of Concordia Parish Library.
Acute myeloblastic leukemia is a form of myeloid leukemia affecting myeloblasts.
A Dabble DB application can import data and export data in a variety of formats.
Adam Revo was a city car made by the now defunct Adam Motor Company of Pakistan.
Adams has described the structure of the work as an "almost perfect palindrome".
Adams was considered to be one of the best offensive tackles of his draft class.
Adam Topol played drums and percussion while Merlo Podlewski played bass guitar.
A Dandie Dinmont Terrier is a small Scottish breed of dog in the terrier family.
Adarna is a Philippine television drama fantasy series broadcast by GMA Network.
Adbaston is a village and a civil parish in the English county of Staffordshire.
Addicted Romantic is the debut studio album by Australian indie rock band Faker.
Additional events are held throughout the weekend including mountain bike races.
Additional information may narrow the possibilities down to one unique location.
Additionally the low metal content of the mine make it very difficult to detect.
Additionally the term BBK for Batam Bintan Karimun may refer to the archipelago.
Additional students could also attend but not earn high school credits/diplomas.
Additional writers listed in another source were Gil Faust and Virginia Thacker.
A debate exists as to whether the crisis actually exists or is a new phenomenon.
A deflator serves as a price index in which the effects of inflation are nulled.
Adenosine polyphosphates are capable of inducing multiple physiological effects.
Adenosylcobalamin is required as a cofactor for the activity of certain enzymes.
A depth charge fitted with a nuclear warhead is known as a "nuclear depth bomb".
Adequacy explains the model to be better in terms of its predictive performance.
A dermatome is an area of skin that is mainly supplied by a single spinal nerve.
A descendant of the original owner is American writer and academic Louis Menand.
A designator is rigid when it designates the same thing in every possible world.
A devolved English parliament is an issue in the politics of the United Kingdom.
A devotional song is a hymn which accompanies religious observances and rituals.
Adhyathmaramayanam Kilippattu is the Malayalam version of the Sanskrit Ramayana.
A different scribe added another grant from Aethelbald to Cyneberht on the back.
A digital copy of TGTC is currently available for purchase on iTunes and Amazon.
A digital version was released at a later date with two additional bonus tracks.
Adi Lagamu Lewaturaga Vuiyasawa is a Fijian businesswoman and former politician.
A discrete symmetry group is a symmetry group that is a discrete isometry group.
A disjunct population is found in the Cypress Hills of Alberta and Saskatchewan.
A disk array controller name is often improperly shortened to a disk controller.
A distributed search engine is a search engine where there is no central server.
A district court was the least authoritative type of criminal court of Scotland.
A diverse vertebrate assemblage has been uncovered from the Shestakovo locality.
Adjustable rate mortgages are sometimes confused with balloon payment mortgages.
Adkinsites is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.
Administrative Procedure Act is responsible for all the Federal agency policies.
Administrator and editors can also create static web pages and write blog posts.
Admiral Essen is a frigate of the Admiral Grigorovich class of the Russian Navy.
Admission to the park was included in the price of the ticket to the World Expo.
Adobe has submitted DNG to ISO for incorporation into their revision of TIFF/EP.
Adolphson served in the Minnesota House of Representatives and was a Republican.
A doubtful record of S. petersi also exists from the Atlantic Ocean off Morocco.
A down is a period in which a play transpires in American and Canadian football.
Adria Jean LaViolette is an American archeologist at the University of Virginia.
A dry lab can also refer to a laboratory space for the storage of dry materials.
Ads could have stitched together different programs throughout the three blocks.
Adults are brown with thin yellow bands on the abdomen and resemble paper wasps.
Adults are brown with various white markings outlined in black on each forewing.
Adults are large and capable of delivering a painful and potentially fatal bite.
Adults are on wing from February to March and again from June to July in Mexico.
Adults are on wing in early March in northern Vietnam and early April in Yunnan.
Adults have a pale yellow groundcolour with a pattern of dark gray reticulation.
Adults have been recorded imbibing mineralised moisture from rocks or riverbeds.
A Durbar festival is an annual festival celebrated in several cities of Nigeria.
Adventure on Clover Island is a video game by Right Nice Games and Grip Digital.
Adversaeschna is a monotypic genus of large dragonflies in the family Aeshnidae.
Adversely Bierton is now the larger place while Burcott has hardly grown at all.
A. Epstein believes that the commentary on the Sifra contained in the Munich MS.
Aer was a young indie US band consisting of David von Mering and Carter Schultz.
A European native it grows on chalky grass land and limestone mountain pastures.
A fainting couch is a couch with a back that is traditionally raised at one end.
A famous example is the ark of bulrushes in which the baby Moses was set afloat.
AFCHS serves the communities and surrounding areas of Ashton and Franklin Grove.
A felon is an "extremely painful abscess on the palmar aspect of the fingertip".
A feral cat is a cat that lives outdoors and has had little or no human contact.
A few apartments are used as guest quarters for visiting relatives of residents.
A few are also found in the adjoining districts of Uttar Pradesh such as Bijnor.
A few days later Wetherby had pinch hits in back to back games at the Astrodome.
A few families have been migrated to the United States of America for study/Job.
A few new stores moved into the vacant factory store fronts but never prospered.
A few small businesses generate traffic from customers traveling on the highway.
A few theories have been developed to explain the existence of such friendships.
Afghanistan is also the source of the large majority of heroin seized in Europe.
Afghanistan national handball team is the national handball team of Afghanistan.
Afghan weddings are unique and modern celebrations of the people of Afghanistan.
A filmed performance was directed by Spike Lee aired on HBO under the same name.
A film of the real auction would be shown with the item described being bid for.
A finite wing is an aerodynamic wing with tips that result in trailing vortices.
A fire tower located on the summit is generally open for climbing by the public.
A fixed verse form combines one or more of these limitations into a larger form.
A Fixture Unit is used in plumbing design for both water supply and waste water.
A flood occurs when a stream overflows its banks and flows onto its flood plain.
A formulation known as podophyllotoxin with less side effects is also available.
A forward pistol grip on a pistol is restricted under the National Firearms Act.
Africans in Hong Kong constitute a small number of total residents in Hong Kong.
Afroasiatic languages are today distributed in parts of Africa and Western Asia.
After about six weeks it is fully fledged and makes its way at night to the sea.
After a curacy at Shankhill he was a chaplain to the Forces during World War II.
After a curacy at Wortley he held incumbencies at Kirk Bramwith and Scrayingham.
After a curacy in Drumgoon he held incumbencies in Bailieborough and Kiltoraght.
After a curacy in West Derby he was Rector of Catford and Area Dean of Lewisham.
After "All That" ended Ryan Coleman took a break from acting to focus on school.
After another curacy in Lower Hutt he held incumbencies at Miramar and Gonville.
After Apple Matas worked on the team that designed the Nest Learning Thermostat.
After a voyage to Russia she made one voyage for the British East India Company.
After Babel is a comprehensive study of the subject of language and translation.
After college he taught for twelve years in Baltimore public elementary schools.
After each episode viewers would be able to vote online for their two favorites.
After four years at FFC Frankfurt she returned to her former club Bayern Munich.
After he burned down the Salem Inn to collect insurance money he went to prison.
After he retired from the AFL Stevens accepted and ambassadorship with the VCFL.
After leaving Manchester he joined Sadlers Wells Royal Ballet as Principal Horn.
Aftermath is the third studio album released by the thrash band Bonded by Blood.
After Me is the ninth studio album by Canadian country music group Family Brown.
After Miss Universe Phillipps appeared in commercials for brands such as Toyota.
After Party is the second album by the American electronic rock band Ghost Town.
After receiving the award he was not allowed to return to Poland for many years.
After retiring from swimming she worked as a physiotherapist at her own company.
After several years working in this country he changed his name to Roberto Rive.
After Sons and Daughters he traveled to the United States where he met his wife.
After that the film compete at number of film festivals and earned good reviews.
After that the Romani language broke down into Balkan Romani and Central Romani.
After the death of each subsequent king an interrex was appointed by the senate.
After the death of her husband queen Thalassia tried to install her son as king.
After the occupation and rule of both nations the city adopted the name Dertosa.
After the plant burns it can sometimes resprout from the buds at the leaf bases.
After the Storm received generally mixed to positive reviews from music critics.
After the wall had been knocked down Crofts was arrested and revealed her story.
After this he was Rural Dean of Grande Prairie and then Rector of South Saanich.
After World War II RAF Harwell was taken over by the UK Atomic Energy Authority.
Afton is a hamlet just outside Freshwater on the west side of the Isle of Wight.
A full description of the content of the exam can be found on the USMLE website.
A full game can be played with only one human player and three computer players.
A Fusebox architect is responsible for creating the FuseDocs for an application.
Agabar is a sizeable town which is part of Woqooyi Galbeed region of Somaliland.
Against Perfection is the debut album by British alternative rock band Adorable.
A galaxy twice as far away appears twice as smooth as a result of the averaging.
A Galilean cannon is a device that demonstrates conservation of linear momentum.
A gambrel roofed service wing connects the main block to a hipped roofed garage.
A ganglion cyst is a fluid filled lump associated with a joint or tendon sheath.
Aganope thyrsiflora is a liana which shows the characters of a shrub when small.
A Garfield County war dead memorial is located at the northeast end of the park.
Agassiz is a provincial electoral division in the Canadian province of Manitoba.
Agave syrup contains fructose as a carbohydrate providing sweetening properties.
Agenda is a literary journal published in London and founded by William Cookson.
A general culture and awareness of this corruption permeates society as a whole.
Agents of Oblivion is the only album by the band also called Agents of Oblivion.
Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. is ongoing digital comic book published by Marvel Comics.
Age of Nero is the seventh studio album by Norwegian black metal band Satyricon.
Age of the Joker is the ninth studio album by the German power metal band Edguy.
Aggressive pursuit of these fines and fees can double collections in some areas.
Agnihotri is an Indian Brahmin surname derived from the Sanskrit word Agnihotra.
Agona East is located in the Agona East district of the Central Region of Ghana.
Agony of Death is the tenth studio album by German thrash metal band Holy Moses.
Agrahara Bachahalli is one of the most prosperous towns from the Hoysala period.
A grand ceremony and meeting were conducted at the east gate of the temple then.
Agrasen Jayanti is observed on the fourth day of Ashwin month of Hindu calendar.
A great deal of the recordings were produced and recorded by author James Siers.
A green chain is a type of lumber delivery system that can be used in a sawmill.
Agrionia was an ancient Greek religious festival in honor of Dionysus Agrionius.
Agua Blanca District is one of five districts of the province El Dorado in Peru.
Aguas Corrientes is also the name of the municipality to which the town belongs.
A guitar solo is present and a relatively simple drumbeat drives the song along.
Agustino or Agostino Da Vaprio was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period.
A headlamp is a lamp attached to the front of a vehicle to light the road ahead.
A hearing with an administrative law judge is scheduled to take place in August.
A herb chopper is a cooking tool specifically designed for chopping fresh herbs.
A highly cultured sense of formality permeates every aspect of its presentation.
Ahmad Tejan Sillah is a Sierra Leonean Shia Muslim scholar and Islamic preacher.
Ahmed Rashid Beebeejaun graduated in medicine from the University of Birmingham.
Ahn has won six singles and two doubles titles on the ITF circuit in her career.
A home range is the area in which an animal lives and moves on a periodic basis.
A hook ball can also help the bowler shape the shot on challenging oil patterns.
A hymn tune is the melody of a musical composition to which a hymn text is sung.
AIFACS organizes art exhibitions and makes awards to artists across the country.
Ailuracantha is a dubious extinct placoderm genus from the actinolepidae family.
AINC provides access to printed material through sound recordings by volunteers.
Ainet is a municipality in the district of Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.
Air Cavalry is a flight simulation video game developed by Synergistic Software.
Aircraft finance refers to financing for the purchase and operation of aircraft.
Airmail is an email client for iPhone and Mac OS X by Italian company Bloop SRL.
Airports in Vietnam are managed and operated by Airports Corporation of Vietnam.
Airspeed information is also sent to the flight computers and other electronics.
A jawbone belonging to a therian mammal has also been discovered from this unit.
A justice and public safety practitioner is an American public service job role.
Akerblom is a Canadian actress who has appeared both on television and in films.
Akesan is a small town located in Alimosho local government area of Lagos State.
A keyboard tablature is a tablature for a keyboard instrument such as the piano.
A key is used to encrypt and decrypt whatever data is being encrypted/decrypted.
Akim Swedru is one of the constituencies represented in the Parliament of Ghana.
Alabama Business Today is a live radio interview program hosted by Calvin Bacon.
Aladinpur village comes under the Jalandhar East development block of Jalandhar.
Alamat ng Gubat is notable for its allegorical references to Philippine society.
Alan Armstrong trained as an astronaut at the Chinese space program in Szechuan.
Alan Committie is a South African comic actor and qualified high school teacher.
A Land Bleeds is an Indian film about a widow working as a prostitute in Mumbai.
A landfill fire occurs when waste disposed of in a landfill ignites and spreads.
Alan Marley is a former association football player who represented New Zealand.
Alan Moorcroft FRPSL is a past President of the Royal Philatelic Society London.
A large number of tanks were also built by India under license as the Vijayanta.
A large number of the houses in the territory are part of the free title stands.
A large proportion of current commits to the project are from community members.
Alastair David Simms is the one of the last remaining master coopers in England.
A late protein is a viral protein that is formed after replication of the virus.
A later version that was adapted to support raster graphics was known as ZGrass.
Albertson is a station along the Oyster Bay Branch of the Long Island Rail Road.
Albums represented on the compilation run from "Savage Garden" to "Paris Kills".
Alchemilla barbatiflora is an herbaceous perennial plant native to the Caucasus.
Alcohol has been consumed in New Zealand since the arrival of European settlers.
Alcohol laws of Turkey regulate the sale and consumption of alcoholic beverages.
Alden as both a given name and a surname originated in the Old English language.
Alderman Canal West is a one hectare Local Nature Reserve in Ipswich in Suffolk.
A legal rule can be "clearly established" without commanding precedent existing.
A legation was a diplomatic representative office of lower rank than an embassy.
A leg spin bowler bowls in a leg spin way but it goes in the off side direction.
Alejandro Ruiz is a Caymanian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Elite SC.
A lens that loses focus during zooming is more properly called a varifocal lens.
Aler is a City in Yadadri Bhuvanagiri district of the Indian state of Telangana.
Aleutians West Census Area is a census area located in the U.S. state of Alaska.
Alexander took this as a sign of disrespect and famously laid siege to the city.
Alexandra Hoy is the associate chief justice of the Court of Appeal for Ontario.
Alexandre Luba Ntambo is a politician from the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Alex Hilton is a Canadian retired boxer from a famous boxing family in Montreal.
Alex is not afforded such emancipation and her tale ends tragically as a result.
Alexis Okeowo is an American journalist who is a staff writer at The New Yorker.
Alfeldites is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.
Alfred Birnbaum was born in the United States and raised in Japan from age five.
Alfred University and Alfred State College are located in the Village of Alfred.
Alias Grace is a novel of historical fiction by Canadian writer Margaret Atwood.
Alias users take advantage from existing Autodesk technology and infrastructure.
Alibis and Ammunition is the only album by the punk rock band Trashlight Vision.
Alice Braga will portray Dr. Cecilia Reyes in the upcoming film The New Mutants.
Alice collects her remaining life in her hollow body and shouts for Lucy to run.
Ali dominated the fight and won the bout through a unanimous decision on points.
Ali has begun writing and recording original music for television add campaigns.
A limited edition of the single included an autograph of Christopher von Deylen.
A line from the poem was used for the title of the episode "The Remorseful Day".
A link between vitamin D and respiratory tract infections has been hypothesized.
Alison Cristine Kervin OBE is the Sports Editor of the Mail on Sunday newspaper.
A list of films produced in Brunei Darussalam from the earliest film to present.
A live bottom trailer is the alternative to a dump truck or an end dump trailer.
A live version of the album was available to redeem online when bought from HMV.
Al Khair is a primary and secondary Islamic school in the heart of East Croydon.
Allabaculia does not appear in the General Stud Book compiled by the Weatherbys.
All actors and actresses are from the "Golden age" of Hollywood film production.
All agencies are within one of the three branches of the government of Oklahoma.
All albums in this list must have been certified for more than a million copies.
All are epiphytic plants that naturally occur from Southeast Asia to New Guinea.
All but one of the death sentences actually carried out were imposed for murder.
All cellular systems have at least one MTSO which will contain at least one MSC.
All competition took place at the Moonlight Festival Garden Weightlifting Venue.
All components of KOffice are being overhauled to use Flake as much as possible.
All courses are conducted in English by international and multicultural faculty.
All CPISA holders are members of the SPSP and also hold the CPISM certification.
All C.XIVs were destroyed during the Japanese invasion of the Dutch East Indies.
All eleven seasons were produced by Endemol Australia and Endemol Southern Star.
All FAST busses are wheelchair accessible and most are equipped with bike racks.
All five members of the band grew up in the Sutherland Shire in New South Wales.
All five of these places are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
All four experienced moderate success on the Billboard Adult Contemporary chart.
All games will be streamed online by Watch Big Sky with Jon Oglesby on the call.
Allhartsberg is a town in the district of Amstetten in Lower Austria in Austria.
Allied forces began to withdraw rapidly from northern Russia shortly thereafter.
All India Federation of Women Lawyers is an association of Indian women lawyers.
Alling Abbey was one of the last Benedictine monasteries to be built in Denmark.
All its members are parasites in vertebrates when they are in their adult stage.
All lyrics were written by Niall Breslin and all the music was by The Blizzards.
All matches were played at MATRADE Exhibition and Convention Center in Segambut.
All matters in confession and avoidance must be stated clearly and specifically.
All Music noted that Ritenour "has grown as a mature jazz artist on this album".
All of the counties of Leinster except Kilkenny participate in the championship.
All of the original exhibition and associated complex has since been demolished.
All of these machines use a heated knife to permanently weld documents in place.
All of these transactions require an improbable coincidence of wants and events.
All of these were used to promote the interests of the student protest movement.
All of the victims were women who had worked as prostitutes in the Ipswich area.
All of this can now be previewed within Hexagon using its new Ambient Occlusion.
All orchestral parts of the song are performed by the Russian Federal Orchestra.
All Over is the debut studio album by the English rock band the Dave Clark Five.
All players who played at least one league match for the Cosmos are given below.
All players who won a card there had their Order of Merit ranking reset to zero.
All power lines were placed underground and new sidewalks with bricks were laid.
All public gambling is expected to return a portion of profits to the community.
All remaining SRE recording artists are under the banner of Fair Trade Services.
All songs were produced by Andrew Lloyd Webber with the exception of "Dreamers".
All students are in the same building but have three sections within the school.
All subjects are taught in Welsh apart from English and a few in the sixth form.
All ten episodes were produced and directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera.
All that now remains of the once important Dominican Friary is the belfry tower.
All that remains of it are the upright supports for the platform retaining wall.
All the actors and technicians are employed in these films without remuneration.
All the archbishops and bishops are members of the Conference of German Bishops.
All the atomic gas and most of the molecular gas in the galaxy is found in PDRs.
All the old sweethearts of his life then appear at his wedding to wish him well.
All these are in the both the lunar Western Hemisphere and the western Nearside.
All these factors have made the IPL the most expensive sporting league in India.
All these Huon eventually achieves with the assistance of the fairy king Oberon.
All these ingredients are cooked together in a saucepan or in a pressure cooker.
All the Sultans of Perak have been installed in the palace since its completion.
All the tracks are single edits and are remastered from the original recordings.
All the tracks were written by guitarist Phil Buckle with various contributions.
All three are now published by an Advance subsidiary called Alabama Media Group.
All three players would eventually be inducted to the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
All three proposed constitutional amendments were ultimately rejected by voters.
All versions may be fitted with a suppressor and are meant to use Uzi magazines.
All were alleged by police to be key figures within the Animal Liberation Front.
All year dates are given according to the Gregorian calendar except where noted.
Alm is the Editor of Public Finance Review and various journal editorial boards.
Almost a quarter of this population indicated that they are Australian citizens.
Almstedt consists of the village of Almstedt and the smaller village of Segeste.
Al Nassma Chocolate LLC is a manufacturer and retailer of camel milk chocolates.
A locomotive winch is a technical device for moving stabled railway locomotives.
A longer version of the song was previously released on their EP "Into Forever."
Alongside The Scotsman it is one of the flagship titles owned by Johnston Press.
Along with his brother James they studied at Godalming Grammar School in Surrey.
Along with Kelso High Campus it makes up Denison College of Secondary Education.
Along with the nearby mountain Uia di Ciamarella it forms a large glacial basin.
A lot of his material was allegedly plagiarized on the humor website Sickipedia.
A lot of industries of nearby towns such as Bassi Pathana have moved to Morinda.
A lot of my characters in those early years seem to revolve around that feeling.
A lot of Restaurants also have come up there due to the huge crowd of IT people.
A lot of the habitat of G. hughi is threatened primarily by habitat degradation.
A lot of the time builders have their own interpretation of a schedule of rates.
A lottery machine is the machine used to draw the winning numbers for a lottery.
Alowal is a village in Toba Tek Singh District in the Pakistani state of Punjab.
Alpanu sometimes spelt Alpnu or Alpan was an Etruscan goddess of the underworld.
Alpern hosted the weekly World Policy On Air podcast for World Policy Institute.
Alphonso FA have been playing in the first Division of the MDFA for a long time.
Also a lot of work was done in the housing of the politically persecuted people.
Also an old English name relating to Binders that bound barrels made by Coopers.
Also a song sung by thousands of schools for its fun lyrics and diverse origins.
Also included in Project Wonder are deployment software and web server adapters.
Also included in the division is the main reserve of the Swan Lake First Nation.
Also included is his piece about Ugandan Asians relocating to a hostile Britain.
Also on the property are a contributing carriage barn / stable and a well house.
Also on the property are tall granite gate posts with folk art relief sculpture.
Also on the property are the contributing original garage and a stable building.
Also on the property is a small gabled building used originally as a milk house.
Also on the property is the contributing heroic statue of General James Shields.
Also outside scenes shot on the island of Malta with hundreds of Maltese extras.
Also the eastern tower has in later centuries served as a prison for lifetimers.
Also the number rounds and votes the participant won in his battles are counted.
Alternately Deep is the fifth studio album of original material by Roots Manuva.
Alternate names include the East African scrub bulbul and northern brown bulbul.
Alternation is a Patience game which is played using two decks of playing cards.
Alternative strategies for securing the airway must always be readily available.
Although always referred to as a castle it was actually a fortified manor house.
Although it has been recognized as a "guilty pleasure" by several media outlets.
Alticus is a genus of combtooth blennies found in the Pacific and Indian oceans.
Altran Praxis was a British software house that specialized in critical systems.
Al Ummah is a terrorist organization mainly based in Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Alumni of the cricket academy at this site include Dale Steyn and Ethy Mbhalati.
Alum shale also contains enhanced levels of radium as a result of uranium decay.
A main cap refers to the locating support for the crankshaft of a piston engine.
A majority of developed parkland is found just north of South Unionville Avenue.
A major part of Shimoga district lies in the Malnad region of the Western Ghats.
A male genital disease is a condition that affects the male reproductive system.
Amanda Phelan is the Creative Director and CEO of designer fashion label Phelan.
A man is threatened with scandal when he accidentally acquires a stolen diamond.
Amaravati Express is the name given to two services operated by Indian Railways.
A marble statue of him stands in the compound of the Penang High Court building.
A market is held every Saturday and Bank Holiday Monday at North Weald Airfield.
Amar Kumar Bera is Principal Chief General Manager of the Reserve Bank of India.
A matchbox is a box made of cardboard or thin wood and designed to hold matches.
A matrimonal agency is thrown into chaos when it adopts a new electronic system.
Amaurobius is a genus of araneomorph spiders with mostly holarctic distribution.
Ambattur taluk is a taluk of Chennai district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Amber and Blood is the third novel in the Dark Disciple series by Margaret Weis.
Ambrose J. Russell is credited as the architect of the meeting hall and theater.
Ambustus was a cognomen that distinguished a patrician branch of the gens Fabia.
A medieval packhorse bridge provides evidence of trade and previous populations.
Amegnran is a town in the Vo Prefecture in the Maritime Region of southern Togo.
A Memoir is a true crime memoir by American kidnapping victim Jaycee Lee Dugard.
Amenfi West is one of the constituencies represented in the Parliament of Ghana.
Amenities include the village hall and a variety of shops including a chip shop.
Amenities other than that consist of the phone box with its adjacent litter bin.
American and British special forces reacted by deploying their own sniper teams.
American driver Mario Andretti took his first Formula One podium in third place.
American hip hop artist Krizz Kaliko has released six studio albums and two EPs.
American Inquisition is the thirteenth studio album by the band Christian Death.
American is the third solo album released by Backstreet Boys member Nick Carter.
American Morning was an American morning news television show that aired on CNN.
American recording artist Ciara has appeared in numerous music videos and films.
American reprint editions were later issued by Bart Books and by Wildside Press.
AMESALL provides instruction in over a dozen languages from these three regions.
A meteorological day is considered on a different basis from country to country.
Amiel and Begler write the majority of the episodes and are executive producers.
Amigdalae is a biofeedback based art project by the artist Massimiliano Peretti.
A military veteran is a person who has served or is serving in the armed forces.
A Million Miles in a Thousand Years is a rare celebration of the beauty of life.
Aminu Isa Kontagora remained active in public life after retiring from the army.
Among his favorite stories are Fable of the Animals and the Story of Pat Divers.
Among its events are tastings in association with specific seminars or exhibits.
Amongst other programs he has appeared in include Silent Witness and Holby City.
Among the legal steps taken by the PRBoA to fully implement and enforce R.A. No.
Among the organizations organized as agencies are the universities and colleges.
Among these some have made their mark across the international literary circles.
A more traumatic abrasion that removes all layers of skin is called an avulsion.
Amos is opportuned to be a part of a major big budget film to revive his career.
A mouth ulcer is an ulcer that occurs on the mucous membrane of the oral cavity.
Amparo Gil is the legal representative of the foundation that owns this channel.
Amphientomidae is a family of Psocoptera belonging to the suborder Troctomorpha.
Ampthillia is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.
A much larger number of recombinant proteins is used in the research laboratory.
A mural instrument is an angle measuring device mounted on or built into a wall.
A music video was filmed for "Give It Up" and released shortly before the album.
A music video was recorded and a clip of it was shown on the Graham Norton Show.
An abdominal mass is any localized enlargement or swelling in the human abdomen.
An accidental spark during a blowout can lead to a catastrophic oil or gas fire.
An active question still exists as to which of these groupings is more accurate.
An act of contrition is a Christian prayer genre that expresses sorrow for sins.
An actuator is the mechanism by which a control system acts upon an environment.
An additional ditch in front of it guards the work from a frontal enemy assault.
An additional guitar melody and drums enter shortly after with lonesome singing.
An additional six units are allocated for commercial spaces at the ground floor.
An African chant is featured in the intro which is repeated throughout the song.
Anagapetus is a genus of little black caddisflies in the family Glossosomatidae.
An Ahir named Devayat Bodar raised him and sacrificed his son to save Navaghana.
Analog multimeters use a microammeter with a moving pointer to display readings.
An alternate version titled "Born to Be Whipped" was recorded with tamer lyrics.
An alternative method for measuring magnetic susceptibility is the Gouy balance.
An aluminide is a compound that has aluminum with more electropositive elements.
An American show Baby Daddy was inspired from this movie and remade into a show.
An animal does not need specific training to become an emotional support animal.
An anime composer is a composer who mainly composes music for anime productions.
An annulus in botany is an arc or a ring of specialized cells on the sporangium.
Ananta Kumar Malo is an All India United Democratic Front politician from Assam.
Anantpur is a village in Varanasi district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
An apical dendrite is a dendrite that emerges from the apex of a pyramidal cell.
An apidictor is an instrument which measures and records the sound in a beehive.
An apparent rift between teams owners forced cancelation of all remaining games.
An Apple Disk Image is a disk image commonly used by the macOS operating system.
An approaching frontal system or trough can also drive the marine layer onshore.
An arachnid climber such as Spidernaut is a prime candidate for such operations.
An architectural model is an expression of a viewpoint in software architecture.
Anarky is a fictional character appearing in comic books published by DC Comics.
An armed conflict broke out when the train carrying these men arrived at Virden.
An army division was corresponding to a division in many countries armed forces.
An assortment of animals pursue Toby and fight him for control of the elevators.
Anastrephoides is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
Anatoly Dernovoi is the Minister of Health Care in the Government of Kazakhstan.
Anatomical evidence suggests this Trilobite sifted organic matter on the seabed.
Anatomites is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.
An auditory learner depends on listening and speaking as a main way of learning.
An audit was also launched on the schools governors and misuse of pupil premium.
Ancient cyanobacteria were ancestral to the chloroplasts of all plants on earth.
Ancient Greek law consists of the laws and legal institutions of Ancient Greece.
Andamia is a genus of combtooth blennies found in the Pacific and Indian Oceans.
Anderson earned a Scotland cap the following year in a goalless draw with Wales.
Anderson featured in three episodes of the ABC TV show Review With Myles Barlow.
And is provided with a clear symbolism regarding sexual union and fertilization.
And now he has joined the Ibanez family with his new endorsement to the company.
And one of the few where Sam actually attempts to save Bugs from danger as well.
Andreas Heinecke is a social entrepreneur and the creator of Dialog in the Dark.
Andre Heidari is an American football placekicker who is currently a free agent.
Andretti developed brake problems early on and would retire with a blown engine.
Andrew Barkis is a Republican member of the Washington House of Representatives.
Andrew C. Revkin is an American science and environmental journalist and author.
Andrew D. Gordon is a British computer scientist employed by Microsoft Research.
Andrew is commended for his austerity of life and boundless charity to the poor.
Andrew Kerr is a Scottish journalist and broadcaster who works for BBC Scotland.
Andrew Marchand is an American senior sports media writer for the New York Post.
Andrew R. Wetmore became leader after Mitchell was named to the Canadian senate.
Andrew Wood is the subject of the historical novel The Admiral by Nigel Tranter.
Andronymus is an Afrotropical genus of grass skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
And since it is the duty of all anthropologists to report on their travels . . .
Andy Ackerman would take over as the primary director for the remaining seasons.
Andy Schmidt of Disillusion performed guest vocals on the song "Flies in Amber".
An earlier Swiss court said the charges against IBM were likely to be sustained.
An earlier version of the Malaysian Rally was called "The South Malaysia Rally".
An economic as well as a social imperative drives the work done in this economy.
An effects cymbal is a cymbal used in a drum kit for a special effect or accent.
An elastic bandage is a "stretchable bandage used to create localized pressure".
An electric blanket is a blanket containing integrated electrical heating wires.
An electric light is a device that produces visible light from electric current.
An electronic device called a rheoencephalograph is used in rheoencephalography.
An electronic part that will write the servo information at the right frequency.
Anemopaegma arvense is a medicinal plant native to Cerrado vegetation in Brazil.
An emotional contagion is experienced by both people making it a shared emotion.
An epileptologist is a neurologist who specializes in the treatment of epilepsy.
An equilibrant force is a force which brings a body into mechanical equilibrium.
A network with a different security domain is kept separate from other networks.
An event at the University of Michigan has been held annually for over a decade.
A new church for the locals was built at his expense across the river at Girsby.
A New Hallelujah is a live album by Christian recording artist Michael W. Smith.
A New Journey Tour is the second concert tour by Irish vocal group Celtic Woman.
A new pit crew was also introduced consisting of Jason Carter and Shawn Morales.
A new revenue division of the district is formed which is headquartered by Arni.
An example of actively researched compounds in this field are certain coronenes.
An example of a paradoxical reaction is pain caused by a pain relief medication.
An example of the Stefan flow occurs when a droplet of liquid evaporates in air.
An example of this talent is featured on "Blues for Carole" from these sessions.
An extended guide on how to use the vast database can be found at historiek.net.
An extract from the story appeared in the paperback edition of By Royal Command.
An extremely small portion of the district extends into neighboring Hill County.
Anfaceras is an extinct genus of cephalopods belonging to the Ammonite subclass.
Angelbrook is a Canadian community in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador.
Angel Fire is a novel by bestselling author Lisa Unger writing as Lisa Miscione.
Angel Love only made one appearance in the normal continuity of the DC Universe.
Anger is a municipality in the district of Weiz in the Austrian state of Styria.
Angiomyolipomas are less commonly found in the liver and rarely in other organs.
Angioscopy is a medical technique for visualizing the interior of blood vessels.
Anglicanism portalRobert Cashin was an Eighteenth Century Irish Anglican priest.
Angola does not recognize polygamous marriages under civil law or customary law.
Angst in My Pants is the eleventh studio album by the American rock band Sparks.
An hour in this case means one twelfth of the period between sunrise and sunset.
An illustrative example is a choice whether to increase funding for health care.
Animal rights in Colombia refers to topics related to Animal rights in Colombia.
Animals are slaughtered for human consumption or sold at actions for money gain.
Animal studies have suggested that Metanil Yellow is neurotoxic and hepatotoxic.
Anima Mundi is the second album by the German/Swedish power metal band Dionysus.
Animo is a Latin term used in the law that means with intention or with purpose.
An individual object carousel is also called a service domain in some documents.
An indoor waterfall surrounded by imitation exotic vegetation stood in the back.
An instrumental version of the song "Wicked Game" was included as a bonus track.
An invocation can include additional information needed to carry out the method.
An isolated population grows in the southern Flinders Ranges in South Australia.
An iterator over a set provides a dynamic and parametric family of microthreads.
Anjozorobe Forest Corridor is one of the last high plateau forest in Madagascar.
Annadurai has been jailed several times in connection with different agitations.
Anna Katherine "Kay" Behrensmeyer is an American taphonomist and paleoecologist.
Anna Wolek is a fictional character on the American soap opera One Life to Live.
Anne Kronenberg is an American political administrator and LGBT rights activist.
Ann Eriksson is a Canadian author and biologist who resides in British Columbia.
Annie Namala is an Indian social activist and has been working for dalit rights.
Annual matches with the British Embassy in Stockholm were held against the team.
An observatory is a location used for observing terrestrial or celestial events.
Anodontia is usually part of a syndrome and seldom occurs as an isolated entity.
An official iPad app based on the film was also released in the Apple App Store.
An oiler is a naval auxiliary ship which carries fuels to refuel other warships.
An oil painting of the ship hangs at the Indian Naval Headquarters in New Delhi.
An old temple in the Campus Martius had long been dedicated to Iuppiter Fulgens.
An oncoantigen is a surface or soluble tumor antigen that supports tumor growth.
An ongoing program is in place to restore and conserve items in the collections.
An operator logo is a logo which appears on the status screen of a mobile phone.
An orchestra consisting solely of a string section is called a string orchestra.
A Norwegian Tribute to Kiss is a Norwegian compilation album by various artists.
A notable part of the Hockeyroos colorful history has involved Ric Charlesworth.
Another benefit is the creation of an organizational form for each project type.
Another expert demonstrated that the pattern could be produced through transfer.
Another focus was on the foundations of query optimization and data integration.
Another important aspect was the belief in the afterlife and funerary practices.
Another important branch of retrograde analysis problems is proof game problems.
Another member of this circle who fell victim to Domitian was Arulenus Rusticus.
Another modern variation involves a mother and her family living near the creek.
Another one is Rhetorical Genre Studies or "RGS" studies genre as social action.
Another Peter of Capua the Younger was in Paris in the early thirteenth century.
Another plot sometimes referred to as a carpet plot is the temporal raster plot.
Another proposed treatment is to include the group within an expanded Noctuidae.
Another related concept is cloud manufacturing that is more general and popular.
Another son of Rabbi Eliezer Zvi was Rabbi Avraham Mordechai Safrin of Borislav.
Another term for RNA viruses that explicitly excludes retroviruses is ribovirus.
Another three battalions served with the British Indian Army in India and Burma.
A novelization of the film written by Burton Wohl was published by Bantam Books.
Anras is a municipality in the district of Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.
Anthemis are native to the Mediterranean region and southwest Asia east to Iran.
Anthems for the Imperfect is the third studio album by CCM band Everyday Sunday.
Anthems is a series of mixed dance compilation albums released by Ultra Records.
Antheraea broschi is a moth of the family Saturniidae found in eastern Malaysia.
Anthony and his friends generally overcome evil forces bent on ending the world.
Anthrax vaccination is recommended for people who are at high risk of infection.
Antigua and Barbuda officials considered action in the World Trade Organization.
Antimicrobial peptides are short peptides that possess antimicrobial properties.
Antimony and bismuth may occur with or in place of the arsenic as in ullmannite.
Antimutagens are the agents that interfere with the mutagenicity of a substance.
Antipsychotics may amplify the natural variation in these hematopoietic factors.
Antique Trader is an American biweekly magazine about antiques and collectibles.
Antisemitism has always been less prevalent in the United States than in Europe.
Antivirus software and spyware removal software cannot protect against pharming.
Antler Dance is the fourth album by Minneapolis Celtic rock band Boiled in Lead.
Anton Yuryev has edited several scientific books and numerous research articles.
A number of books published by the company come with "watch and sing along" CDs.
A number of buildings associated with the Russian security forces were targeted.
A number of chemicals from N. parvigemma show interesting biological properties.
A number of congregations were planted in the North Island over the same period.
A number of cultivars have been developed but many are no longer in cultivation.
A number of digitisations have been released based on some styles of the family.
A number of notable cultural and music festivals take place in British Columbia.
A number of occupations are classified under the broad term of graphic designer.
A number of research groups primarily use empirical and experimental techniques.
A number of the buildings have been adapted for residential and commercial uses.
A number of top drivers were forced to qualify on the second day of time trials.
An uncapped Ireland XV has also played Fiji three times winning all three games.
An underhook is a clinch hold that is used in grappling to control the opponent.
A nunt is a pastry originating from Jewish cuisine and vaguely resembles nougat.
Anushandhitshu Chokro is one of the pioneer science organizations in Bangladesh.
Anvil Is Anvil is the sixteenth studio album by Canadian heavy metal band Anvil.
Anvil is listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange and the Australian Stock Exchange.
Anwar Usman is the sixth Chief Justice of the Constitutional Court of Indonesia.
Anyakoha has broken grounds in terms of record being first in all that she does.
Any angle with the center of the transformation as its vertex will be preserved.
Any application that uses Protected Media Path in Windows uses Media Foundation.
Any comments posted that reference the patch are appended to the patch page too.
Any of these eventualities puts the safety of the crew and the vessel in danger.
Any person wishing to donate their body may do so through a willed body program.
AOL Broadband was a UK internet service provider and part of the TalkTalk Group.
Aouze is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
A packet that induces such a storm is occasionally nicknamed a Chernobyl packet.
A painting known as Portrait of a Scholar is of the same size and general style.
A party of monks from Bermondsey Abbey provided the nucleus and the first abbot.
Aparupa Poddar had clarified that she had changed her name but not her religion.
A pedestrian tunnel runs under the station linking the university and the canal.
A penny rug is a decoration made of stitched together coin shaped fabric scraps.
A perennial plant or simply perennial is a plant that lives more than two years.
A Perfect Absolution is the fifth studio album by French death metal band Gorod.
A person engaging in the plinking exercise is colloquially known as a plinkster.
A person with a diaper fetish derives pleasure from the diaper and/or use of it.
Apesanahkwat is a native American tribal leader and a film and television actor.
A petition was circulated and the name Bedford Center was changed to Temperance.
Aphaenandra is a monospecific genus of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family.
Aphananthe philippinensis is a common rainforest tree in the Cannabaceae family.
Aphilanthops is a genus of ant queen kidnapping wasps in the family Crabronidae.
A pin connection appears as an arrow connecting the output pin to the input pin.
A pink variety of sillar owes its color to crystals of hematite within the rock.
A Plague of Pythons is a science fiction novel by American writer Frederik Pohl.
A plant geneticist is a scientist involved with the study of genetics in botany.
A player is determined ineligible based on his position at the time of the snap.
AP Microeconomics is often taken in conjunction with or after AP Macroeconomics.
A polar route is an aircraft route across the uninhabited polar ice cap regions.
A PON does not have to provision individual fibers between the hub and customer.
A pontoon bridge was later constructed underneath it to allow vehicles to cross.
Apophysomyces variabilis infections are not transmissible from person to person.
A popular manhwa called Yongjugol Blues glamorizes the prostitution in the area.
A popular sports played in villages of Kottayam district and Muvattupuzha Taluk.
A portion of "Any Fun" is in a teaser video on the Coconut Records MySpace page.
A portion of the northeast arm of Lake Temagami lies at its northwestern corner.
A portion of the ticket sales and compilation CD sales are donated to the cause.
A portion of this line is now called the Media/Elwyn Line and is owned by SEPTA.
A posthumous birth is a birth of a child after the death of a biological parent.
A potato house is a structure built for the storage of harvested sweet potatoes.
A powered roller coaster is a railed amusement ride similar to a roller coaster.
Appapuram is a village in Guntur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
AppBi is a technology company focused on App Store data and search optimization.
Appikatla is a village in Guntur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Apple Pascal is a language and operating system based on the UCSD Pascal system.
Application generally involves using a needle with an attached length of thread.
Applications of semantic parsing include question answering and code generation.
Approved schools were similar to the former reform schools in the United States.
A preliminary investigation and autopsy concluded that the death was accidental.
A Prince Among Thieves is the second studio album by hip hop artist Prince Paul.
A prison furlough is when a prisoner is allowed to leave prison and then return.
A process of arbitration determines which device sends information at any point.
A profile can be used to store the description of the characteristics of person.
A program in US High Schools sponsored by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.
A program to help women find work in conjunction with a day nursery was created.
A promo single with "Lonely Days" live was released in the US but did not chart.
A property might be as simple as a text input field or a complex library picker.
A psychoactive Amanita mushroom is a fungus that is psychoactive but not deadly.
A public body carrying out this function has existed since Dutch colonial times.
A pub of this name on the island was briefly home to the engine which is now No.
A push can also be simulated using multiple pulls within a short amount of time.
Aquaman is a superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
Aquatic invertebrates have the longest history of use in biomonitoring programs.
Aquaticola is a genus of fungi in the Cephalothecaceae family of the Ascomycota.
A question and answer session with contest winning audience members also ensued.
A radio / single mix of the song was also released with a slightly longer outro.
A railway emergency crew prevented the fire from spreading to the other coaches.
A railway track connecting Coimbatore Junction and Podanur passes over the lake.
Ara is known for her skills in shifting antagonist to protagonist in TV project.
A range of modified Toyota road cars is also available from the Cologne factory.
A ranking title is a tournament which counts towards the snooker world rankings.
A rare disease is any disease that affects a small percentage of the population.
Ararume protested this decision and secured a Supreme Court ruling in his favor.
Arcee is the name of several fictional characters in the Transformers franchise.
Archeological Survey of India has declared it as a centrally protected monument.
Archery has been included in the Summer Youth Olympics since their inauguration.
Architect Joseph Royer planned the building in a contemporary commercial design.
ARC Magazine is an art magazine covering contemporary Caribbean art and culture.
ARCV group has also produced viruses with the TPE and developed the ARCV strain.
Ardestie Earthhouses can be found in farmland north of Monifieth and Carnoustie.
Ardo is only recorded in one Visigothic regnal list as reigning for seven years.
Areas with a long history of industrial production are known as brownfield land.
A recessed lens board effectively reduces the flange focal distance of a camera.
A recreation of his hide out cave is included at the Talofofo Falls Resort Park.
A recurring dream is a dream which is experienced repeatedly over a long period.
A recurve bow is a bow with limbs that curve away from the archer when unstrung.
A reflector a top the burner reflects heat that would be otherwise lost upwards.
A registered share is a stock that is registered to the name of the exact owner.
A register of revolving trusts is maintained by the Architectural Heritage Fund.
A regulatory haven is jurisdictions that have light financial regulation system.
Argentine tea culture is influenced by local and imported varieties and customs.
Argolites is an extinct genus of cephalopods belonging to the Ammonite subclass.
Arianites is an extinct genus of Cephalopods belonging to the Ammonite subclass.
Ariel Waller is a Canadian former child actress who started acting at age three.
Arif Ardabili was a medieval poet who is famous for being author of Farhadnameh.
Arimilli Radha Krishna is the current MLA who belongs to the Telugu Desam Party.
Arising Realm is the second studio album by Norwegian black metal band Ragnarok.
Arisnoidys Despaigne is a Cuban boxer who competes in the welterweight division.
Arizona is a village and municipality in San Luis Province in central Argentina.
Arkansas is one of eight states that limits its Governors to two terms for life.
Arlene Vaughan is a fictional character from the ABC soap opera All My Children.
Arlington is the location of the Arlington Terrace Apartments on Holland Avenue.
Armadale is a Legislative Assembly electorate in the state of Western Australia.
Armentano is a prolific writer on the subject of marijuana and marijuana policy.
Armstrong served with the U.S. Army and then graduated from Idaho State College.
Army Schools are located in Indian communities in and around Army installations.
Arndt produces many X Filme productions and acts as head manager of the company.
Arnold von Winkelried or Arnold Winkelried is a legendary hero of Swiss history.
A role describes the public aspects of an object with respect to an association.
A rolling ball clock is a clock which displays time by means of balls and rails.
Aronson bequeathed a large part of his estate to the establishment of the prize.
A rotor ship is a type of ship designed to use the Magnus effect for propulsion.
A rotor wing is a lifting rotor or wing which spins to provide aerodynamic lift.
Around the school developed a major Israeli cluster of arts supplies businesses.
Around the turn of the century the Victorian addition was added to the west end.
Art associated with the Kuba is renowned for its broadly diverse array of media.
Art direction was by Sudhendu Roy and dances were choreographed by Gopi Krishna.
Art education in Edinburgh focused on the Trustees Drawing Academy of Edinburgh.
Artemis Fowl is a young adult fantasy novel written by Irish author Eoin Colfer.
Articles published by the press agency are published in most Italian newspapers.
Articulation between costal cartilage of the ninth rib and tenth rib is fibrous.
Artificial shelters are designed to be a place where a spider can build its web.
Artistic depictions of the girdle book confirm their popularity as an accessory.
Art jewelry is one of the names given to jewelry created by studio craftspeople.
ArtNexus is the leading magazine to cover the contemporary art of Latin America.
Artwork for the album was created by noted painter and illustrator Travis Smith.
Arumugam was an Indian politician and former Member of the Legislative Assembly.
Arvind Krishna is the hero of the film while Dimple Chopade is the leading lady.
As a boy he originally wanted to play trumpet but ended up with a toy accordion.
A sacred quality is sought in this nation and in the popular memories it evokes.
A sample of hers collected at the championships was found positive for andarine.
As an active persistent identifier it can be resolved through the Handle System.
As a result Iran is no longer considered as habitat for or producer of agarwood.
As a result of this election Henry C. Warmoth was elected Governor of Louisiana.
As artists they made six trips to the Billboard Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart.
As a solo artist Abbas is famous for hit songs such as "Chapaa" and "Tokelezea".
As a State Senator she had a lead role in health care and human services policy.
As a student at University College Cork McCormack won two Fitzgibbon Cup medals.
As a violist he is active both as a soloist and as member of the Belcea Quartet.
Ascaro Rovigo plays in the Swiss/Italy Championship along with Padova and Lazio.
Ascending is the fifth studio album by Scottish indie rock band Franz Ferdinand.
Ascension is the sixth studio album by progressive rock band Coheed and Cambria.
Ascitendus is a genus of fungi in the family Cephalothecaceae of the Ascomycota.
Ascochyta spinaciae is a fungal plant pathogen that causes leaf spot of spinach.
A script coordinator is a role in the production of a film or television series.
A sea of fog is formed from stratus clouds or fog and does not show undulations.
A second ticket office was opened in Commercial Street to serve these platforms.
A section of the Great Western Trail traverses the mountain from north to south.
A series of Never Land chapter books for younger readers is based on the novels.
A serrated blade is a type of blade used on saws and on some knives or scissors.
Ashburn boasts a large peanut monument and is home to the Golden Peanut Company.
Ashes to Ashes is the debut album from the heavy metal band David Shankle Group.
Ashkelon is a professional basketball team based in Ashkelon in southern Israel.
Ashley Estes Kavanaugh is an American public official and former political aide.
Ashok Gaikwad is an Indian film director who has directed several feature films.
A short path ensures that little compound is lost on the sides of the apparatus.
A short time later the AAIA was absorbed by the new Defense Intelligence Agency.
A shunt fault is a type of fault that occurs in submarine communications cables.
A shunt reactor is connected in parallel with a transmission line or other load.
Ashwani Sabharwal has been appointed as first Vice Chancellor of the University.
Ashwani Sekhri is an Indian politician and a member of Indian National Congress.
Asian Pacific Americans are listed as a group on the United States Army website.
A significant portion of the output of Australian diamond mines is brown stones.
A significant portion of the site remains undisturbed from the time of the fire.
A silver and blue stripe across the center of the shield depicted the New River.
A similar lime juice cocktail using rum instead of vodka or gin is the daiquiri.
A similar organization at the time was the Society of International Secretaries.
A similar status exists under a different name in Scotland and Northern Ireland.
A single road and power line run through the glen on the east side of the river.
A single surname in either language may have multiple translations in the other.
A skin friction line is a curve on the surface tangent to skin friction vectors.
A slipway for launching small pleasure craft is available for use by the public.
A slot is cut into the side of the lid which rests on the striker retaining pin.
A small Austrian Armed Forces hut is also located in the vicinity of the summit.
A small branch is located in Terminal C at Newark Liberty International Airport.
A small cabin structure lies forward and a large open cockpit and work area aft.
A small crater with a flat floor intrudes into the southwestern rim of Quetelet.
A small percentage of the northwest area of the reservoir is in Mariposa County.
A small portion of New Waverly ISD also goes into the city limits of Huntsville.
A small primary school is located in the town along with a public health clinic.
As many as half of people who use tobacco die from complications of tobacco use.
As mining developed and farming declined the business adapted to changing needs.
A smokebox is one of the major basic parts of a steam locomotive exhaust system.
A songbook of lead sheets to the album was nonetheless issued in both countries.
Aspasmogaster is a genus of clingfishes native to the Indian and Pacific Oceans.
A special archdiocese was created by the Vatican for the United States military.
Aspex instruments are typically more industrialized then standard SEM equipment.
A sphingolipid with an R group consisting of a hydrogen atom only is a ceramide.
As Robert Kennedy was intimately involved the book is somewhat autobiographical.
Assets include four radio station frequencies in the Capital Region of New York.
Assets should be valued at mark to market prices as required by the Basel rules.
Assin South is one of the constituencies represented in the Parliament of Ghana.
Assistant Commissioner Patricia Gallan is currently the head of the directorate.
Associations are primarily identified by their common movement vectors and ages.
As such the ICC hopes to ensure that umpiring standards are as high as possible.
A stabilization clause is a risk management device used in investment contracts.
A stables and coach house complex were also designed by Sulman at the same time.
A stag like this was part of the crest of the former Municipal Borough of Erith.
A standard resolution is either to forbid such references or to create closures.
Astatine monobromide is an interhalogen compound with the chemical formula AtBr.
A statistical business register has a different purpose than a company register.
Astelia is a genus of flowering plants in the recently named family Asteliaceae.
As the book unfolds the reader learns about the midget named Pogo in flashbacks.
As the popularity of dugouts grew their use quickly spread across the continent.
A stick is sometimes added before the candy completely cools to make a lollipop.
A stool is generally distinguished from chairs by their lack of arms and a back.
A Story of the Early Victorian Goldfields is an Australian novel by E. V. Timms.
Astra Group itself generally employs over half of the graduated student product.
AstridBio Ltd. is a privately held Biotechnology company with office in Hungary.
Astrid Maria Bernadette Joosten is a Dutch television personality and presenter.
Astroconodon is an extinct genus of mammal from the Cretaceous of North America.
A stronger variant called Magnet is also available in the North East of England.
Astronomer Royal is a senior post in the Royal Households of the United Kingdom.
A student from Redden Court School had written to the Queen asking her to visit.
A substitute for strikes was binding arbitration to resolve collective disputes.
A succeeding model is being developed with cell phone network data connectivity.
A successful route would more likely proceed by trimerisation of nitryl cyanide.
A super magnum is a longer and/or more powerful version of a "magnum" cartridge.
A surf club is sited overlooking the beach that is quite popular for recreation.
As well as bespoke bodies they built short runs for various motor manufacturers.
A swipe file is a collection of tested and proven advertising and sales letters.
Asymmetrically methylated forms however are toxic and must first be broken down.
A syntactic category is a type of syntactic unit that theories of syntax assume.
At about the same period an adaptation into Greek was made by Cassius Dionysius.
At club level Delea won multiple county club championship medals with Blackrock.
At club level he has won several divisional championship medals with Killenaule.
At club level Kelleher was a multiple county championship medalist with Macroom.
At club level White is a Munster medallist in the junior grade with Ballygarvan.
A technologist can then use this cast for the construction of custom appliances.
Atef is the specific feathered white crown of the ancient Egyptian deity Osiris.
Atelolathys is a genus of spiders in the Dictynidae family endemic to Sri Lanka.
Atelurinae is a subfamily of primitive insects belonging to the order Zygentoma.
A tenant who is constructively evicted may terminate the lease and seek damages.
At first SAL mail is processed and transported by surface in the origin country.
Athanasios Sekeris was a Greek merchant and a prominent member of Filiki Eteria.
Atha was born in Leeds and educated at Leeds Modern School and Leeds University.
Athericidae is a small family of flies known as water snipe flies or ibis flies.
Athisayan marked the debut of Bollywood actor Jackie Shroff in Malayalam cinema.
A through G. Type C BoNt is most frequently associated with waterfowl mortality.
Atimia was a form of disenfranchisement used under classical Athenian democracy.
Atkins has been compared to Roy Orbison and singers from the Brill Building era.
Atlantea is a genus of butterflies from the Caribbean in the family Nymphalidae.
At least some paurodontids were earthworm specialists and possibly subterranean.
ATN Gujarati broadcasts programming focused on family entertainment and culture.
ATN is the Sydney flagship television station of the Seven Network in Australia.
Atomistix A/S was a software company developing tools for atomic scale modeling.
Atomos is the second album by ambient music duo A Winged Victory for the Sullen.
A tonnage tax is a taxation mechanism that can be applied to shipping companies.
Atossa was an Achaemenid empress and daughter of Cyrus the Great and Cassandane.
A total of six episodes were produced before low ratings led to its cancelation.
A tough uncompromising player who was a fans favorite at each club he played at.
A train reporting number in Great Britain identifies a particular train service.
A train wreck or train crash is a type of disaster involving one or more trains.
A transfer vehicle to launch these into geostationary orbit is proposed as well.
A translation has been provided by the American Federal Bureau of Investigation.
A translation plane is Moufang if every line of the plane is a translation line.
A travel website is a website on the world wide web that is dedicated to travel.
Atriolum robustum is a colonial tunicate or sea squirt in the family Didemnidae.
A truss bridge is economical to construct because it uses materials efficiently.
Attached to end of the elastic band was a rubber ball about an inch in diameter.
Attachment of new RNA polymerase to genes is prevented by inclusion of sarkosyl.
Attempts to move outside these traditional boundaries were largely unsuccessful.
At that point Jonny Safford stepped in as the new singer and lead guitar player.
At that time it was considered one of the largest chocolate factories in Europe.
At the age of five her family moved to South Africa where she learned Afrikaans.
At the center are disk florets in shades of cream and yellow to purple or brown.
At the central entrance bay is a front portico supported by Ionic order columns.
At the conclusion of the season he was awarded the CPSL Coach of the Year award.
At the end of the year she was sold and exported to become a broodmare in Japan.
At the end were played a A second division was also played as "CAR Development".
At the latter paper he covered the Louisiana State University athletics program.
At the Royal Majestic is an organ concerto by the American composer Terry Riley.
At the same time he made a political career as a member of the Democratic Party.
At the same time he was promoted to UEFA Elite Development category of referees.
At the southern tip of the island is the Special Administrative Region of Macau.
At the time of her appointment she was only the seventh female High Court judge.
At the time of its construction a number of ancillary buildings were also built.
At the time of its construction this system was the best available alarm system.
At the time of its release it was treated as a warning for totalitarian systems.
At the time Pullens worked as a bricklayer so could only record on the weekends.
At the time they were the largest privately owned shipyard in the United States.
At the top of the exterior wall is a parapet and above that limestone balusters.
At the widest part of the chine erosion and layers of gray sediment are visible.
At this point travel and correspondence is made between higher and lower realms.
At times they are created using combinations of definable curves but not always.
Attin Bhalla is now working successfully in south Indian language Kannada films.
At Westerhever and at Hallig Hooge the stations run two training establishments.
At Wheaton College he is the primary professor for its M.A in Biblical Exegesis.
A typical example would be Ye Olde English Pubbe or similar names of theme pubs.
Aubeville is a former commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
Auburn assistant Coach Harris Adler is the current President of the association.
Auburn quarterback Jason Campbell was voted AP SEC Offensive Player of the Year.
Audience sounds from a live performance were overdubbed on the studio recording.
AudioFile magazine has called Gregory "the queen of British historical fiction".
Audrey is a member of American Women in Radio and Television and Gamma Phi Beta.
Aufhausen is a municipality in the district of Regensburg in Bavaria in Germany.
Augusto A. Lim was previously the only Filipino to serve as a general authority.
Augusto Franqui was a Cuban baseball pitcher and outfielder in the Cuban League.
Aulonothroscus is a genus of small false click beetles in the family Throscidae.
Aulus Caecilius Faustinus was a Roman senator active during the reign of Trajan.
A union territory is a type of administrative division in the Republic of India.
A university building viewed from overhead resembles the hammer and sickle form.
Aurizon Holdings Limited is a publicly listed rail freight company in Australia.
Aurora Rey is an American writer who grew up in a small town in south Louisiana.
A user can create an account to keep all of their submitted scores in one place.
A user can isolate a particular organism in the gene pool and edit its genotype.
Austin won the match via pinfall after a Stunner to retain the WWF Championship.
Australaphodius is a genus of aphodiine dung beetles in the family Scarabaeidae.
Australia has participated at every Summer Paralympic Games since its inception.
Australian reserve Peter Wenzel competed in the downhill along with Simon Brown.
Authorities suspected that local mafiosi poaching in the area killed the warden.
Author of unique technique to stop back pains and recover normal back functions.
Autoantibodies against Ib/IX can be produced in immune thrombocytopenic purpura.
Autoimmunity against type V collagen is associated with lung transplant failure.
AutoLISP extensions use it to interact with the user in the AutoCAD environment.
Autumnal Park is the debut studio album by Australian new wave band Pseudo Echo.
A vacuum is initially created by connecting a closed container to a vacuum pump.
Avadi taluk is a taluk of Tiruvallur district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Avair was an independent Irish airline that operated chartered business flights.
A variable resistor would dissipate power as heat and acts as a voltage divider.
A vault toilet and kiosk with the trail system displayed is in the parking area.
A vein disorder is a class of disease involving veins of the circulatory system.
A vernacular high school and a college is situated to the south of Thamakitilla.
A versatile player who can operate on the right hand side and in a central role.
A version of the single performed by Glenn Close also appears on the soundtrack.
Avery Brundage to step down as President of the International Olympic Committee.
Avery is the debut studio album by South African hip hop recording artist Emtee.
A vesicular transport protein is a transmembrane or membrane associated protein.
Aviation has been a part of Norwegian society since the early twentieth century.
Aviation museums vary in size from housing just one or two aircraft to hundreds.
Avinashi taluk is a taluk of Tirupur district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
A Visit To The Glastonbury Greenfields directed and Produced by Dorian Williams.
Avis was once a station on the railroad but the site was not officially platted.
Avitus is the only known member of his family known to have held the consulship.
Avraham Osdoba is an Orthodox rabbi and a member of the Chabad Hasidic movement.
A wand vibrator is a type of vibrating massager most commonly used as a sex toy.
A Warzone is the third album by the American punk rock/hip hop band Transplants.
A water conservation order is a legal ruling to protect aspects of water bodies.
Awe has also been a been a member of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and New York Jets.
A whist marker is a device for recording the current score in the game of whist.
A wiki system is usually a web application that runs on one or more web servers.
A Windows version was later released and the game became also available for PCs.
A Wolfframm grand piano in good condition today may sell for thousands of euros.
A work done in black and white appears similar to a coal or fine pencil drawing.
A Workshop on Contrast in Syntax was organized in her honor upon her retirement.
A wound stripe is a distinction of dress bestowed on soldiers wounded in combat.
A wrap is a form of sandwich made with a soft flatbread rolled around a filling.
Aylin Langreuter is a contemporary concept and appropriation artist from Munich.
A young actress named Marlene Dietrich had a supporting role in this production.
Ayurveda is a system of medicine with historical roots in ancient Hindu Culture.
Aztec philosophy was a school of philosophy that developed out of Aztec culture.
Baba Joshi is a Nepalese social activist and the first women principal in Nepal.
Bach is a municipality in the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.
Bachupally is a suburb in the Medchal district of the Indian state of Telangana.
Back from the Dead is a mixtape by American hip hop recording artist Chief Keef.
Back to Reality is the fifth studio album by American glam metal band Slaughter.
Back to the Trap House is the fourth studio album by American rapper Gucci Mane.
Bacterial genetics is the subfield of genetics devoted to the study of bacteria.
Badgebup is a small community in the Great Southern region of Western Australia.
Badger Mountain is a mountain in Douglas County in the U.S. state of Washington.
Baggett is an alumnus of Furman University and the University of South Carolina.
Bahrain Post is the government organization responsible for the post in Bahrain.
Bahuara is a village in Dildarnagar kamsar in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
Baidyanath Ram is an Indian politician and member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
Bailey also served as guest artist for the Donna Reed Foundation for many years.
Baithak Gana is a form of music originating in Suriname by the Indian community.
Bajaj Allianz General Insurance is a private general insurance company in India.
Baker began his filming career at the age nine in the movie Once in a Blue Moon.
Bakersfield is a small residential suburb of Nottingham east of the city center.
Balachandran catches Arasan who tells it was poisoning and only Pushkaran knows.
Baldwin II of Jerusalem came north to take over the regency of the principality.
Balgreen Halt railway station served Balgreen in the Scottish city of Edinburgh.
Ballast is material that is used to provide stability to a vehicle or structure.
Ballast Point was also the first microdistillery in San Diego since Prohibition.
Ball Fighter is a puzzle video game developed by Teyon for the Nintendo DSiWare.
Ballia City is the district headquarters and commercial market of this district.
Balls Out is the second studio album by American heavy metal band Steel Panther.
Ballyfermot Bears RLFC are a rugby league club playing in Ballyfermot in Dublin.
Ballyhack is a settlement in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador.
Baloghy lives and works in Auckland and Hahei Beach on the Coromandel Peninsula.
Bamar people also practice the Burmese folk religion under the name of Buddhism.
Banana Slug News is the only television news source on the UC Santa Cruz campus.
Banana slugs are North American terrestrial slug comprising the genus Ariolimax.
Band members talk about their feelings before being famous and how they succeed.
Bandstand is the sixth studio album by the British progressive rock band Family.
Bandy is generally played in northern India where there is usually snow and ice.
Bangkok Metropolitan Administration FC beat Nakhon Si Thammarat FC in the final.
Bangladeshis are one of the largest immigrant communities in the United Kingdom.
Bankleitzahl is a bank identifier code system used by German and Austrian banks.
Banks also stated that Alice will allow viewers to see a "lovely" side to Derek.
BAN serves as a watchdog and promoter of the Basel Convention and its decisions.
Banyan Wines are stored in Banyan trunks for aging and managed by Mr. Amar Paul.
Barbarossa is the name of several red/pink colored Italian wine grape varieties.
Barker Ranch is located inside Death Valley National Park in eastern California.
Barley and oat are grown mostly for animal feed especially for pigs and poultry.
Barlow Moor Road is a tram stop on the Airport Line of the Manchester Metrolink.
Barnekow is a medieval noble family originating from Mecklenburg and Pommerania.
Barney Flat is the only stump field on the National Register of Historic Places.
Baron Pierrepont is a title that has been created four times in British history.
Baron Saint George was a title that was created twice in the Peerage of Ireland.
Barringtonia havilandii is a tree of the Lecythidaceae family endemic to Borneo.
Barry currently plays Don Shade on the television detective series Private Eyes.
Barry Karfunkel became the president of the company when Michael Karfunkel died.
Bart Williams is a former rugby league player who played for the London Broncos.
Barzotti recorded several songs which each sold hundreds of thousands of copies.
Basheerabad is a village in Vikarabad district of the Indian state of Telangana.
Basic mobile phone services to allow users to make calls and send text messages.
Basran is a graduate of the creative writing program at Simon Fraser University.
Bass Frontiers Magazine presently conducts video interviews for feature stories.
Bassillac is a former commune in the Dordogne department in southwestern France.
Bassist Anthony Dimaggio has gone on to play with Long Island band Mt. Mourning.
Batchellerville Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church on Co. Rt.
Batchelor has been associate editor of the International Journal of Forecasting.
Bathingbourne is a farming hamlet in the southeastern part of the Isle of Wight.
Bathkump is a village in the Rural District in the Western Area of Sierra Leone.
Bathylaconidae is a former family of marine smelts found in deep oceanic waters.
Batshaw is supervised and entirely funded by the Department of Youth Protection.
Batten made videos for all songs on her YouTube channel Scherer Batten playlist.
Battle has also been a member of the Washington Redskins and Calgary Stampeders.
Battle of the Planets episodes are listed below in their intended viewing order.
Bay is an embayment along the eastern side of the Kintyre Peninsula of Scotland.
Bayou features one of the few lead roles by noted character actor Timothy Carey.
Bayview Yacht Club and the Detroit Sail Club are home to a great number of them.
BBC said they chose Lohan to attract an audience that might otherwise not watch.
Beaulieu v Finglam is a landmark and precedent setting case in English tort law.
Beaver Township is a civil township of Bay County in the U.S. state of Michigan.
Because of this feature it is also sometimes referred to locally as Silver Wing.
Becomes first Monoskier to win IPC medals in both Alpine and Adaptive SBX races.
Beebe Mountain is a summit in the Cascade Range in the U.S. state of Washington.
Beekeeping in India has been mentioned in ancient Vedas and Buddhist scriptures.
Before his death he was preparing a work on British wild fruits for publication.
Before his Dragon period Jongkind sailed at a high level in the Flying Dutchman.
Before joining CNBC she was a regular guest on various television news programs.
Before partition begowal belonged to a muslim rajput jagirdar using rana title .
Before the song was named "Mammoth" it was called "Pawn Shop" due to its lyrics.
Before the war the train was usually hauled by SR Lord Nelson Class locomotives.
Begotten is considered by Merhige himself as the start of an unofficial trilogy.
Beibl.net is a new translation in colloquial Welsh which was recently completed.
Being childless she went sati by jumping in the funeral pyre of Shivaji Maharaj.
Being on convalescence leave until late July he missed the Battle of Gettysburg.
Belgium has a plethora of dishes and products that are local to a specific area.
Believe is the sixth studio album by Canadian country music group Emerson Drive.
Belinuridae is an extinct family of arthropods belonging to the order Xiphosura.
Bellin Health serves northeastern Wisconsin and the Upper Peninsula of Michigan.
Bell is married to TinaMarie Bell and has five children and eight grandchildren.
Belmont Mansion is a historic mansion located in Fairmount Park in Philadelphia.
Belmundo Regal is the second studio album by Canadian hip hop group Radio Radio.
Beloglazov was a former six times World Champion and two times Olympic Champion.
Belonging to both the Uniting Church in Sweden and the Swedish Alliance Mission.
Below are the full rosters and coaching staff of the eight Pioneer League teams.
Below is a list of individual and team records set since the clubs introduction.
Below is a list of justices who have served on the South Carolina Supreme Court.
Below is a list of some notable Nadars who have contributed in different fields.
Below is an incomplete list of families that have been involved in rugby league.
Below is a typical procedure for producing one variation of the Backdraft drink.
Below is the list of subcamps of the Dachau complex of Nazi concentration camps.
Below the falls there has formed a plunge pool with unusual green colored water.
Belyout Bouchentouf was a businessman and statesman from the Kingdom of Morocco.
Ben Browder and Beau Bridges replaced them as Lt. Col. Cameron Mitchell and Maj.
Bendre is an Indian surname native to the state of Maharashtra and Konkan coast.
Benghazi Military University Academy is a military academy in Benghazi in Libya.
Ben Hope and Ben Klibreck are two mountains in the immediate area of the hamlet.
Beni Ahsen is an Arabian Moroccan tribe which belongs to the bigger Maqil tribe.
Beni Boussaid is a town and commune in Tlemcen Province in northwestern Algeria.
Beni Ouarsous is a town and commune in Tlemcen Province in northwestern Algeria.
Ben is the older brother of former Newcastle Jets FC player Michael Kantarovski.
Benjamin Faneuil Dunkin was a chief justice on the South Carolina Supreme Court.
Benjamin Franklin Irvine belonged to the former sect and Crabtree to the latter.
Benjamin Wilkins would tell the court that Willard had previously beat his wife.
Bennett began his refereeing career in the Newtown District Junior Rugby League.
Bennett Thrasher is also proud to be an independent member of DFK International.
Benny the Bull is a retired American Thoroughbred racehorse and active stallion.
Benrinnes is a malt whisky distillery in Aberlour producing an eponymous whisky.
Bentleyville has volunteers work year round to set up this beautiful attraction.
"Benzin auf dem Berg" is the German film noir counterpart to "Fuel on the Hill".
Benzotriazole and its various derivatives are also common in lubricant formulas.
Bereavision produces its programming and rents space to independent contractors.
Bergot has won one singles and two doubles titles on the ITF tour in her career.
Bermbach also was a witness for the defense at that the Cologne Communist Trial.
Bernienville is a commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France.
Beroe is a Bulgarian professional football club which are based in Stara Zagora.
Berthouville is a commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France.
Beryl Marsden still plays and has appeared in the Beatles Festival in Liverpool.
Best of Bish is the first compilation album by singer/songwriter Stephen Bishop.
Best of Ray Stevens is a collection of previously recorded songs by Ray Stevens.
Best of the Sugar Hill Years is a compilation by Red Dirt artist Reckless Kelly.
Betancourt received his Ph.D. in Archeology from the University of Pennsylvania.
Bethe and Kidder then engaged in a classified correspondence debating the issue.
Betsy Rawls won the event by three strokes over Ruth Jessen and Kathy Whitworth.
Betts starred on the ABC TV series Last Resort playing Lieutenant Grace Shepard.
Between a Rock and a Hard Place is the first album by the hip hop duo Artifacts.
Betws Ifan is only a few miles away from Cardigan town and Newcastle Emlyn town.
Betyokites is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.
Beyond Wonderland is an electronic dance festival organized by Insomniac Events.
BFPO addresses are used for the delivery of mail in the UK and around the world.
BGMP was planned to be able to scale in order to operate in the global Internet.
Bhadri is a village of Pratapgarh district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
Bhagwat Jha Azad was chief minister of Bihar in India and a member of Lok Sabha.
Bhai is an Indian fictional character who appears in the Munna Bhai film series.
Bhajji State was a princely state in India during the period of the British Raj.
Bhakta was a contestant on the second season of the reality show The Apprentice.
Bhakti Rathod is an award winning Indian actress and theater artist from Mumbai.
Bharanikkavu is a Panchayat in Alappuzha district in the Indian state of Kerala.
Bhatnagar is a former radio personality and program director for Radio Fiji Two.
Bheemaram is a village and mandal of the Mancherial District of Telangana State.
Bheriharwa is a village in West Champaran district in the Indian state of Bihar.
Bhimrao Tapkir is an Indian politician and member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
Bhiwandi taluka is a taluka in Thane district of Maharashtra in Konkan division.
Bhopalrao Bissuli was an Indian politician from the state of the Madhya Pradesh.
Bhutanese textiles represent a rich and complex repository of a unique art form.
Biberbach is a village in the district of Amstetten in Lower Austria in Austria.
Bible Hill functions as a suburb of Truro with several residential subdivisions.
Biblical criticism began as an aspect of the rise of modern culture in the West.
Bical is a white Portuguese wine grape planted primarily in the Bairrada region.
Biebelried is a municipality in the district of Kitzingen in Bavaria in Germany.
Big Apple Township was so named on account of apple orchards within its borders.
Big Calm is the second studio album by English electronic music group Morcheeba.
Big Hopes is the third studio album recorded by country music artist Ty Herndon.
Big Kahuna is a series of puzzle video games created by Reflexive Entertainment.
Big Love is the fourth studio album by American country music artist Tracy Byrd.
Big Music is the second studio album from Australian synthpop band Machinations.
Big Sky is the debut studio album by Canadian country music group One More Girl.
Bijela or simply Bijela is a mountain creek and gorge in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Bikele Bhorer Phool is an Indian Bengali series which airs on Zeebangla channel.
Biker Boy is a fictional superhero character created and portrayed by Zach Cone.
Bilbo Baggins and undertakes the quest to destroy it in the fires of Mount Doom.
Biliary sludge refers to a viscous mixture of small particles derived from bile.
Biliverdin reductase A is a protein that in humans is encoded by the BLVRA gene.
Biliverdin reductase B is a protein that in humans is encoded by the BLVRB gene.
Biller found little playing time with Bath as injured players quickly recovered.
Bill Irish was a former England international and County lawn and indoor bowler.
Bill Killiby also served with the Australian Army in New Guinea in World War II.
Bill McKenzie was a New Zealand rugby league player who represented his country.
Bill Nighbert is a Republican government official in the U.S. state of Kentucky.
Bill Patterson strives to bring the newspaper back to its local roots in Denton.
Bill Vardoulis has held many distinguished titles throughout his public service.
Billy Talent drummer Aaron Solowoniuk joined them for two songs during the show.
Billy the Marlin is the official mascot of the Miami Marlins baseball franchise.
Bindhyawasini is a village in Achham District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal.
Bing Crosby and Dinah Shore were among the leading performers in ABSIE programs.
Bingham has taught English as a second language and also worked as a nurses aid.
Biocompatibility is related to the behavior of biomaterials in various contexts.
Biology does not imply a deterministic set of gender creation or identification.
Bionectria ochroleuca is a plant pathogen that causes seed rot in oil seed rape.
BioNumbers also publishes a monthly review of a problem in quantitative biology.
Bipinpal Das was an Indian politician belonging to the Indian National Congress.
Birdy and Young have collaborated many times before and after the song was done.
Birmingham Comedy Festival is an annual arts festival in the city of Birmingham.
Bisons Loimaa is a Finnish professional basketball club that is based in Loimaa.
Bistrispinaria is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
Bitcoin is the most famous example of a cryptocurrency that uses the UTXO model.
BitPesa is a digital foreign exchange and payment platform for frontier markets.
Bitter Suites to Succubi is an EP by English extreme metal band Cradle of Filth.
Bizarre Gardening Accident is the second album released by the band Angry Salad.
Bjorn Rebney is the former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Bellator MMA.
BJP is currently the largest single party and main opposition in the panchayath.
B.J. Walker is a fictional character from the American soap opera Santa Barbara.
Blacc Plague is the second studio album by American hip hop group Insane Poetry.
Black and White is a studio album by American country music artist Janie Fricke.
BlackBook is an arts and culture magazine published biannually and at bbook.com.
Blackface minstrelsy was the first theatrical form that was distinctly American.
Black House is a horror novel by American writers Stephen King and Peter Straub.
Black Magick Sorceress is an EP by the Swedish death doom metal band Runemagick.
Blackmar humorously lists A. Pindar as the lyricist and P. Nutt as the composer.
Blackwall station on the London and Blackwall Railway was actually farther east.
Black Wing Foundation is a video game publisher and developer located in Dnipro.
Bladder Lake was so named on account of its outline being shaped like a bladder.
Blainey next turned to the rhythms of global history in the industrial period...
Blaketown is a suburb to the west of Greymouth on the West Coast of New Zealand.
Blanchard is a city in McClain and Grady counties in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.
Blankenship Hollow is a valley in McDonald County in the U.S. state of Missouri.
Blaster is familiar with their fans support both in home ground and away ground.
Bleckley County Courthouse is the historic county courthouse of Bleckley County.
Bleecker Street is an American film distribution company based in New York City.
Bleeding Shadows is a short story collection by American author Joe R. Lansdale.
Blended learning is also used in professional development and training settings.
Blended red wine and eight varietal reds are sold under the Rosso Orvietano DOC.
Blink of an Eye is the second album by the American country music band Ricochet.
Blisters are generally one to two millimeters in size and heal over three weeks.
Blitters have largely been superseded by programmable graphics processing units.
Blizard was born in New South Wales and plays golf at New South Wales Golf Club.
"Block" at any of these levels can cause an abnormality on an electrocardiogram.
Block is located along the Union Pacific railroad line northeast of Villa Grove.
Bloem is a second generation Indo immigrant born into a family of four children.
Blondie is the first of two TV series based on the comic strip of the same name.
Blooming Hits was a studio instrumental album by Paul Mauriat and His Orchestra.
Bluebonnet blooms are now a common sight along these highways in the springtime.
Blue ice runways are created as a way of streamlining transport to the interior.
Blues from the Gutter is the first album by blues musician Champion Jack Dupree.
Blurryface is the fourth studio album by American musical duo Twenty One Pilots.
Boating is an American enthusiast magazine published by the Bonnier Corporation.
Bobby Tarantino II is the seventh mixtape by American rapper and musician Logic.
Bob is a Fellow of the IEEE and a member of the National Academy of Engineering.
Bodhan is primarily known for the Nizam Sugar Factory and some historical sites.
Bo Diddley is a compilation album by American rock and roll musician Bo Diddley.
Bodinayakkanur is a state assembly constituency in Theni district in Tamil Nadu.
Bodybuilding and fitness competitions have evolved to include a bikini division.
Boland players are eligible for selection to the Stormers Super Rugby franchise.
Boletus harrisonii is a fungus of the genus Boletus native to the United States.
Bolsters are usually firm for back or arm support or for decorative application.
Boltt currently portrays Penelope Blossom in the CW television series Riverdale.
Bolusiella iridifolia grows in a cold windy humid environment at high altitudes.
Bondokuy is a department or commune of Mouhoun Province in western Burkina Faso.
Bond plays for the Exonia indoor bowls club and the Crediton outdoor bowls club.
Bone tools were used to burnish the surfaces to make them shiny and impermeable.
Bongawan is a town in the West Coast Division of the state of Sabah in Malaysia.
Bonifacio ignored the constitution since the Katipunan already had its own laws.
Bonnet is a commune in the Meuse department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Bonsu Amoah is a Ghanaian politician and a former Member of Parliament of Ghana.
Bonxie is the third and final studio album by British indie rock band Stornoway.
BookFinder.com is a vertical search website that helps readers buy books online.
Book V is another collection of Verba seniorum from Latin and Greek by Pelagius.
Boom Goes the Dynamite is the fifteenth episode of the second season of Scandal.
Boone Township was named directly or indirectly after frontiersman Daniel Boone.
Borawan is a village in Khargone district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.
Borg has been capped at senior level for Malta and at youth level for Australia.
Borsato played five seasons in the National Hockey League for the Winnipeg Jets.
Borussia Dortmund midfielder Marco Reus serves as the cover athlete on the game.
Bosch has also participated in acts of the Francisco Franco National Foundation.
Bosniaks of Croatia are one of the ethnic minorities of the Republic of Croatia.
Boss is an American political drama television serial created by Farhad Safinia.
Boston architect Vernon A. Wright developed the hotel and designed the building.
Both active and passive solar housing skills are involved in solar architecture.
Both albums mix minimalist and cinematic guitar styles with ambient electronica.
Both are brick buildings with wood floor and roof framing and stone foundations.
Both are managed by the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation.
Both brothers also attended Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University.
Both brothers have a Veer Chakra for the same feat of shooting down a Saber jet.
Both can be caused by mutations in the gene encoding a protein called fibrillin.
Both candidates supported a program of building large numbers of council houses.
Both China Hat and nearby East Butte are covered by Mazama Ash and Newberry Ash.
Both Christians and Muslims believe Jesus to be the messiah of the Hebrew Bible.
Both commercially made and designs for home built pocket cruisers are available.
Both companies will continue to operate separately until the transaction closes.
Both countries are full members of the European Union and the Council of Europe.
Both crew members survived with minor injuries but the aircraft was written off.
Both DODDS and other international schools around Europe are invited to compete.
Both external and internal distractions contribute to the interference of focus.
Both films had received funding from the Adelaide Film Festival Investment Fund.
Both films were nominated for the Independent Spirit Award for Best Documentary.
Both formats are supported in Adobe Flash Player and developed by Adobe Systems.
Both forms of business are under varying legal restraints in some jurisdictions.
Both fuel starvation and an escaped crocodile have been blamed for the accident.
Both generations were marketed in North America under the name Nissan Pulsar NX.
Both he and the second Baronet represented Galway in the Irish House of Commons.
Both her name and the land she occupied had to do with the production of echoes.
Both his parents are from Mexico making him a first generation Mexican American.
Both its specific and common names derive from its habit of nocturnal flowering.
Both King and Parliament raised large armies to gain their way by force of arms.
Both Lepsius and Porter and Moss list the tomb as belonging to an unknown Queen.
Both members of Damian Dame passed away before a second album could be recorded.
Both of nature and content of the killing consistence with their sexual fantasy.
Both of the predecessor centers were founded with the help of OMF International.
Both of these schools of thought are associated with the neoclassical synthesis.
Both of the years he played senior football were premiership years for Essendon.
Both Olivier and Caine were nominated for Academy Awards for their performances.
Both organizations recommended specialist treatment and rehabilitation facities.
Both terms can be used to represent either a singular or plural space or spaces.
Both the House of Representatives and the Senate were expanded at this election.
Both the New Up and Down main lines now run on the western side of Enfield Yard.
Both the planning areas and subzones are listed according to alphabetical order.
Both the Sound Canvas and Sound Brush could be rackmounted alongside each other.
Both the UNP and SLMC parties accused the PA of election fraud and intimidation.
Both Vibe and Complex listed Spliff Star as one of the best hype men in hip hop.
Both volumes contain black and white stills taken from videotapes of the series.
Both waterfalls can be seen next to each other from their respective viewpoints.
Both wing undersides are more reddish brown than in Macroglossum hirundo errans.
Botswana is experiencing one of the most severe HIV/AIDS epidemics in the world.
Bottle of Humans is the debut solo studio album by American hip hop artist Sole.
Bougnounou is a department or commune of Ziro Province in southern Burkina Faso.
Boundaries for the district are identical to the city limits for Salt Lake City.
Bound Brook joins the Green Brook at the northwest corner of Mountain View Park.
Bound is a platform and art video game featuring a dancer as the main character.
Bourne Capital is an integrated property investment and leisure group in the UK.
Bowne Township is a civil township of Kent County in the U.S. state of Michigan.
Boxes marked "other" can mean that many different states of products can result.
Boy from Tandale is the debut studio album by Tanzanian singer Diamond Platnumz.
Boy is a superhero created by Jerry Siegel and drawn by John Buscema and others.
Boy Mir is documentary film about ten years life of a Hazara boy in Afghanistan.
BPT Stadium or Bombay Port Trust Ground is a football stadium located in Mumbai.
Brachytrupanea is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
Brackish water aquaria is a popular specialization within the fishkeeping hobby.
Bradley played for a number of different hockey teams in many different leagues.
Bradley Walker is an American bluegrass and country music singer and songwriter.
Bradyrhizobium huanghuaihaiense is a bacterium from the genus of Bradyrhizobium.
Bragaglia has worked as a technical specialist at skating competitions in Italy.
Brand valuation is the job of estimating the total financial value of the brand.
Bratislava is the capital city and the cultural and economic center of Slovakia.
Braud obtained his Ph.D. in experimental psychology from the University of Iowa.
Brawley Guitars was a range of electric guitars produced under the Brawley name.
BRD Sibiu Challenger was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts.
Breaking New Ground is the debut album of American country music band Wild Rose.
Breast atrophy is the normal or spontaneous atrophy or shrinkage of the breasts.
Breath analysis is performed using various approaches for sampling and analysis.
Brennberg is a municipality in the district of Regensburg in Bavaria in Germany.
Bretagnolles is a commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France.
Brian Andrews is an American actor who has appeared in movies and on television.
"Brian and Vince Experience" is a joke rap between Brian Klemm and Vince Walker.
Brian Grant is a noted British music video and television director and producer.
Briarwood is a middle class neighborhood in the New York City borough of Queens.
Brigadier C. B. Bansi Ponnappa is an Indian military officer and UN peacekeeper.
Brigadier General Abraha Kassa is the Director of National Security for Eritrea.
Bright Star is a musical written and composed by Steve Martin and Edie Brickell.
Brisbane girl Betty Pike features in the film and was signed to Charles Chauvel.
Bristow was voted "Best Place for Homeownership in Virginia" by the Nerd Wallet.
British cadet under officers wear Austrian knots as part of their rank insignia.
British found footage horror film that was directed and written by Edward Boase.
British recording artist Cheryl has appeared in numerous music videos and films.
Brno Noppeisen was published jointly by German and Czech socialists in the city.
Broadjam offers a variety of services for artists to gain exposure and feedback.
Broadleys Vaults Public House and Gascoyne House also make up a listed building.
Broadsea is a community situated in Aberdeenshire in the North East of Scotland.
Broadway is a local station on the BMT Astoria Line of the New York City Subway.
Broasting is a method of cooking chicken and other foods using a pressure fryer.
Broken English is the seventh studio album by English singer Marianne Faithfull.
Broken is the seventh book in the Grant County series by author Karin Slaughter.
Bromethalin is a neurotoxic rodenticide that damages the central nervous system.
Bromst is the fifth studio album by the American electronic musician Dan Deacon.
Brooklyn is a village in Dane and Green Counties in the U.S. state of Wisconsin.
Brookston is located on the northern edge of the Fond du Lac Indian Reservation.
Broom is a small village near Biggleswade in the English county of Bedfordshire.
Brother South Africa is a television series in South Africa produced by Endemol.
Brown eventually altered the game to use a theme based on the Halloween holiday.
Browning is currently a Professor of number theory at the University of Bristol.
Brown tried to show the unique talents needed for the different forms of racing.
Bruno Ormeno is a rugby league player of the Toulouse Olympique in Championship.
Bruno Pontecorvo was the conduit supplying the atomic secrets from Enrico Fermi.
Brush House was converted into a school and some classes moved to that location.
BSC was one of the first Clubs in the UK to be awarded RYA Champion Club status.
Bubble sensors are used to detect the presence of bubbles in fluid filled tubes.
BU Canis Minoris is an eclipsing binary system in the constellation Canis Minor.
Buchhofen is a municipality in the district of Deggendorf in Bavaria in Germany.
Buckpool railway station was a railway station in Buckpool near Buckie in Moray.
Buena Vista Lagoon is managed by the California Department of Fish and Wildlife.
Buhigwe District is one of the eight districts of the Kigoma Region of Tanzania.
Build.com is an online home improvement retailer and subsidiary of Ferguson plc.
Building a Building is an area in the Timeless River world in Kingdom Hearts II.
Bulimia is more common among those who have a close relative with the condition.
Bulk email software is software that is used to send emails in large quantities.
Bullet in the Face is a dark comedy television series developed by Alan Spencer.
Bull Lake Glacier flows to the east and starts below the summit of Jackson Peak.
Bumthang Valley is the main inhabited valley in the Bumthang district of Bhutan.
Bundu was previously the minority whip and deputy majority leader of parliament.
Burchell Whiteman is a former Jamaican ambassador and former Education Minister.
Burger has won three ITF singles title as well as six ITF doubles titles so far.
Burghausen in Lower Franconia is a little village in the commune of Wasserlosen.
Burgoberbach is a municipality in the district of Ansbach in Bavaria in Germany.
Buriadiaceae is a family of plants that existed in the Carboniferous to Permian.
Burke was born in Liverpool and represented England at full international level.
Burnett produced music for the television programs Nashville and True Detective.
Burniston Barracks was a military installation on Burniston Road in Scarborough.
Burrows is a provincial electoral division in the Canadian province of Manitoba.
Burst Apart is the fourth studio album by American indie rock group The Antlers.
Burt Township is a civil township of Alger County in the U.S. state of Michigan.
Bushwhackers were generally part of the irregular military forces on both sides.
Business boomed again with the shipping of lumber cut from the nearby mountains.
Businesses use a variety of these tools to create a social learning environment.
Busquin was the chairman of the Science and Technology Options Assessment Panel.
Busses that offer services from the station include Bas Selangorku and Rapid KL.
Bussock Camp is the site of an Iron Age bivallate hillfort located in Berkshire.
Butalene is a polycyclic hydrocarbon composed of two fused cyclobutadiene rings.
Butcher is an excellent contested mark and has been noted for his "clean hands".
But he lost the momentum following a poor performances in the September debates.
But it is said that they were folk singers belonging to a village near Amritsar.
Butler became involved in team management following his retirement from playing.
Butler graduated from the University of Alabama and then from Auburn University.
Butler is a utility for automating repetitive tasks in Mac OS X by Peter Maurer.
Butler previously served as Chief of Staff to United States Senator Cory Booker.
But Otto struggled with his voice so he was replaced by bass player Rob Fransen.
Butter is the first studio album by Scottish electronic musician Hudson Mohawke.
But the Beilager is also another term for the feast that we call marriage today.
But the P.M paid no attention to their demand as a result they went on a strike.
But the reader is not told his Christian name or indeed anything else about him.
But the underlying message is similar to the mystery plays from the Middle Ages.
Butyrylcholine is a synthetic compound and does not occur in the body naturally.
Buyer Agency Agreements are where a Realtor represents the buyer of real estate.
BuzzBuzzHome is an online real estate database for new residential developments.
By agreement the water from the local Holly Well spring was shared between them.
By its contraction it raises the skin into ridges around the margin of the anus.
By Nature is a documentary reality television series broadcast on Animal Planet.
By the end of the eighteenth century genre art had become a Scottish speciality.
By this time the line had been taken over entirely by the Great Western Railway.
Cabanne Course is a stream in St. Francois County in the U.S. state of Missouri.
Cabin Flounder is the debut studio album by alternative rock band Fetchin Bones.
Cadillac would introduce the LaSalle to fill the gap between Buick and Cadillac.
Caerphilly Castle Ladies are a football team based in Caerphilly in South Wales.
Cailaco is a town in Cailaco Subdistrict in the Bobonaro District of East Timor.
Cajamarca District is one of twelve districts of the province Cajamarca in Peru.
Calbourne passes Newbridge and Shalfleet and empties into the Solent at Newtown.
Calderglen Country Park is a country park in the Scottish town of East Kilbride.
Call of Duty Pro League is an annual Call of Duty league held twice each season.
Calotropin is a toxic cardenolide found in plants in the family Asclepiadoideae.
CalSTRS is also currently the eleventh largest public pension fund in the world.
Cambridge Prep Academy is a school that goes from kindergarten to twelfth grade.
Cameron Hughes is a Canadian professional sports entertainer and public speaker.
Cameron Smith won the Wally Lewis Medal for being the best player in the series.
Camille Petit is an Associate Professor of Chemistry at Imperial College London.
Campaigns is a series of operational level wargames released by HPS Simulations.
Camp Branch was so named for the fact attendees of revivals camped on its banks.
Camp Confidential is a US book series for preteens written by Melissa J. Morgan.
Camp Ekon also known as Stanley House is a property and resort for summer camps.
Campostichomma is a genus of spiders in the Udubidae family native to Sri Lanka.
Camp San Luis Obispo is the original home of the California Army National Guard.
Canadian authorities have launched independent investigations into the incident.
Canadian Cowboy Country is a Canadian magazine of Western culture and lifestyle.
Canadian federal elections have provided the following results in New Brunswick.
Canadian recording artist Matthew Koma assisted the artists in writing the song.
Canal de Bolama is a strait in the coast of Guinea Bissau on the Atlantic Ocean.
Canarium sarawakanum is a tree of Borneo in the incense tree family Burseraceae.
Canasta is generally agreed to be best for four players playing in partnerships.
Can be used for staining Golgi apparatus in cells and Nissl granules in neurons.
Cancer insurance is relatively new trend within the insurance industry at large.
Candidly Nicole is an American reality television series starring Nicole Richie.
Candies is a Philippine television program focused on youth concerns and trends.
Candy Cigarettes and Cap Guns is the first studio album from folk punk band AJJ.
Candy containing nuts or chocolate is considered to have some nutritional value.
Caney Creek is a stream in Ozark County in the Ozarks of south central Missouri.
Cangrejillos is a rural municipality and village in Jujuy Province in Argentina.
Cannons of this type are exhibited at the National Maritime Museum in Greenwich.
Canopic jars that probably belong to her were found in the Valley of the Queens.
Cans bandmates Oscar Dronjak and Stefan Elmgren are also featured on the record.
Can See Your Voice Thailand is an mystery music game show aired on Workpoint TV.
Canteen Boy is a recurring Saturday Night Live character played by Adam Sandler.
Cantillo did not participate in the military coup that brought Batista to power.
Cao Zhang was said to have wrestled and killed wild animals with his bare hands.
Capacities is the third album from the Filipino independent band Up Dharma Down.
Caparangasan is an island barangay located in Samar province of the Philippines.
Captions more than a few sentences long are often referred to as a "copy block".
Captured in Time and Space is the first live album of Christian rock band Petra.
Caracalla and Geta would become future Roman Emperors and heirs to their father.
Carbamates are typically used as pesticides however some also have medical uses.
Carbonated milk is milk that has been carbonated and sold for human consumption.
Carbon monoxide is produced naturally by the human body as a signaling molecule.
Carboxymethylguanine is an advanced glycation endproduct derived from glycation.
Card check and election are both overseen by the National Labor Relations Board.
Cardiac arrest calls account for one half of one percent of all emergency calls.
Cardif is an international insurance company with a presence in the Netherlands.
Card money was in use in New France in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries.
Care for these animals is quite minimal and little odor is associated with them.
Caregivers work to support the needs of individuals who require such assistance.
Care records describe specific clinical data contained within a clinical domain.
Care should be taken not to create flooding conditions for adjoining properties.
CaringBridge prioritizes privacy with no advertisements or selling of user data.
Carland was reported to have been admitted to a mental health facility for care.
Carlos is a professor of political science at the University of the Philippines.
Carlye J. Hughes will be the eleventh bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Newark.
Carman was a provincial electoral division in the Canadian province of Manitoba.
Carnival of Rust is the second album by the Finnish rock band Poets of the Fall.
Carnivoramorpha are a clade of mammals that includes the modern order Carnivora.
Carodnia is placed in the order Xenungulata together with Etayoa and Notoetayoa.
Carol Androsky and Lynne Lipton were part of the recording ensemble and members.
Carol Mulholland suffered a serious illness and the magazine ceased publication.
Carr also worked as a telecommunications attorney at the law firm of Wiley Rein.
Carriages to accompany the locomotive were commissioned from Boston Lodge works.
Carrie Crowley and Boyzone member Ronan Keating were the presenters of the show.
Carri on Sex Pistols is an interview album featuring members of the Sex Pistols.
Carroll defeated Woodcliff Lake mayor Josephine Higgins in the special election.
Carrot bread may have an orange color derived from carrot juice or carrots used.
Carrying passports and residence cards is only compulsory when crossing borders.
Carry On Kesar is an Indian Gujarati social comedy film directed by Vipul Mehta.
Cartographica is published four times a year by the University of Toronto Press.
Cartoon Network began airing Bleach the following evening as part of Adult Swim.
Cartoons is a series of animated shorts on the YouTube channel Cartoon Hangover.
Carumas District is one of six districts of the province Mariscal Nieto in Peru.
Caselli leads the direction of each magazine and their accompanying conferences.
Cases and loaded rounds were originally produced by the Super Cartridge Company.
Cases from the housing court may be appealed to the Massachusetts Appeals Court.
Cassette and CD releases/reissues have featured various additional bonus tracks.
Cassirer completed his translation of the New Testament in just thirteen months.
Castledare has a popular rideable miniature railway which is open to the public.
Castle Storm is the second novel in the Welkin Weasels series by Garry Kilworth.
Castlight Health is a San Francisco based healthcare price transparency company.
Catching Fire and Elliot Oswald in Sons of Anarchy and Robert Hicks in S.W.A.T..
Cathedral of the Sea is a historical novel by Spanish author Ildefonso Falcones.
Catherine Rayner was a British fashion designer specializing in wedding dresses.
Caucasus Emirate leader Dokka Umarov appointed Alim Zankishiev as his successor.
Cauthen was the only jockey ever named Sports Illustrated Sportsman of the Year.
Cavendish had an extensive music career before starting her photographic career.
CBS is unlike CBT in that it explicitly avoids mixing the stories with teaching.
CDF Player is a Computable Document Format viewer developed by Wolfram Research.
Cecidocharella is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
Cedar Springs Public Schools is a school district in the U.S. state of Michigan.
Cells in the jails were wedges on a platform that rotated in a carousel fashion.
Cemetery is the first studio album by the Canadian garage rock band Deja Voodoo.
Cenostigma pluviosa is being investigated as a possible antimalarial medication.
Center channel refers to an audio channel common to many surround sound formats.
Centralia is a city in Audrain and Boone counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.
Central Reservations is the third compilation released by Grand Central Records.
Central to the design of the game is the fact that character death is permanent.
Central Washington is also further divided into North Central and South Central.
Centroscymnus is a genus of squaliform sleeper sharks in the family Somniosidae.
Century Media Records signed Warbringer after seeing them at a local show in LA.
Cephalotaxus sinensis is a coniferous shub or small tree in the plum yew family.
Ceromitia chionocrossa is a moth of the family Adelidae or fairy longhorn moths.
Ceromitia schajovskoii is a moth of the Adelidae family or fairy longhorn moths.
Cerro de Navas is a town in the Puerto Plata province of the Dominican Republic.
Certain drugs are used in this paradigm to measure their reinforcing properties.
Certain foods such as milk have cholecalciferol added to them in some countries.
Certain movements or bumps can provoke episodes of tremendous pain and cramping.
Certain neurons fired whenever the rat was in a certain area of its environment.
Certain occupations such as welfare and teaching are more prone to presenteeism.
Certain parts of the policies set forth in the paper were rejected by Netanyahu.
Certain religions also have a sacred language often used in liturgical services.
Certain theologians in the Roman Catholic Church have dismissed them as forgery.
Certain variants of the FTO gene appear to be correlated with obesity in humans.
Certificates and Diplomas are awarded by the institute to successful candidates.
CESifo Economic Studies is a journal on economics published by the CESifo Group.
CFRW is the flagship station of the Winnipeg Jets of the National Hockey League.
CGS Rangamati is a Pabna Class riverine patrol crafts of Bangladesh Coast Guard.
Chabiwali Pocket Watch was the official entry for India into the Student Oscars.
Chacabamba District is one of eight districts of the province Yarowilca in Peru.
Chacabuco Park is a public park in the Parque Chacabuco section of Buenos Aires.
Chain drive is a way of transmitting mechanical power from one place to another.
Chainmail is a medieval miniature wargame created by Gary Gygax and Jeff Perren.
Chakar is a village in the Jagraon tehsil of Ludhiana district in Indian Punjab.
Chalepophyllum is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae.
Chalkboard art or chalk art is the use of chalk on a blackboard as a visual art.
Chalk streams are popular with fly fishermen who fish for trout on these rivers.
Challenge League is the second highest tier of the Swiss football league system.
Challenger La Manche was a professional tennis tournament played on hard courts.
Chamberlain was the first supervisor of the rail line from Belton to Greenville.
Chambersburg is the largest Northern community that was burned in the Civil War.
Chameli Bai Sagar was an Indian politician from the state of the Madhya Pradesh.
Chamillitary is an entertainment company owned and run by rapper Chamillionaire.
Chamling is one of the Kiranti languages spoken by the Kiranti of eastern Nepal.
Chamorro Standard Time shares the same time as Australian Eastern Standard Time.
Champion Breweries PLC is a Nigerian brewing company located in Akwa Ibom state.
Chandler and Tedeschi were both in the bands Thrash Frog and Violent Anal Death.
Chandler threatened to go public with the evidence he claimed he had on Jackson.
Chanelle finds that it is not all glamor and a lot of hard work is ahead of her.
Change refers to a difference in a state of affairs at different points in time.
Changuinola is surrounded by Changuinola River and extensive banana plantations.
Channel stuffing might also be part of a broader set of financial improprieties.
Chapada do Apodi is a microregion in the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Norte.
Chaparmukh is railway junction located in Nagaon district in the state of Assam.
Chapman Baehler is a photographer and director primarily working with musicians.
Chapman Hall is an academic building located on the University of Oregon campus.
Characters in this list are sorted by the film and segment in which they appear.
Charaideo district is an administrative district in the state of Assam in India.
Charing Cross Bridge is a series of oil paintings by French artist Claude Monet.
Charlene Bearhead is a Canadian educator and activist of First Nations heritage.
Charles I. Kidd was owner and manager of a livery business in downtown Hartwell.
Charles L. Brooks III is an American theoretical and computational biophysicist.
Charles P. Dykman is a former Presiding Judge of the Wisconsin Court of Appeals.
Charles Webb was a New Zealand rugby league player who represented his country .
Charlie Banks is a fictional character from the ABC soap opera One Life to Live.
Charlie Peace is the controversial comic novel by British writer Paul Pickering.
Charlie Young become romantically involved in the first season of The West Wing.
Charlotte Salt departed her role as Sam Nicholls at the beginning of the series.
Chavinillo District is one of eight districts of the province Yarowilca in Peru.
Checca District is the largest of eight districts in the Canas Province in Peru.
Checking for malware signature updates is typically done in an automated manner.
Cheeses are incorporated in the preparation of various dishes in German cuisine.
Chemicrazy is the fourth album by Irish alternative rockers That Petrol Emotion.
Chen Hanwei is the most recent winner in this category for his role in The Lead.
Chenommet is a former commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
Cheppy is a commune in the Meuse department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Chering Dorjay is an Indian politician and member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
Cherry Springs State Park is a popular destination for astronomical observation.
Cheshire dialect is the dialect of the English county Cheshire in the Northwest.
Chesterton railway station was located on the line between Cambridge and Histon.
Chetamon Mountain is a name derived from the Stoney language meaning "squirrel".
Chet Atkins Picks the Best is the title of a recording by guitarist Chet Atkins.
Chet Atkins Plays Great Movie Themes is the title of a recording by Chet Atkins.
Chevron Renaissance is on the site of the old Chevron Hotel in Surfers Paradise.
Chicago architect John N. Nyden designed the chapel in the Gothic Revival style.
Chicago Poems established Sandburg as a major figure in contemporary literature.
Chief Minister of Maharashtra is the deputy head of Indian state of Maharashtra.
Child labor and trafficking in children as forced labor remain serious problems.
Children acquiring two languages in this way are called simultaneous bilinguals.
ChinaCache is a global provider of content delivery network and cloud computing.
China has also expanded several levels of cooperation with the Caribbean region.
Chinese military texts have existed ever since Chinese civilization was founded.
Chipsets are usually designed to work with a specific family of microprocessors.
Chirinos District is one of seven districts of the province San Ignacio in Peru.
Chiropteris is an extinct genus of plants that existed from Permian to Triassic.
Chitti Babu and Sudakshina Devi and his brothers are Rangasai and Radhakrishnan.
Chlorodyne was one of the best known patent medicines sold in the British Isles.
Chlorophyll a is a specific form of chlorophyll used in oxygenic photosynthesis.
Chobhar is known for the nearby Chobhar Gorge where there are the Chobhar caves.
Chochope District is one of twelve districts of the province Lambayeque in Peru.
Chocolate ice cream is ice cream with natural or artificial chocolate flavoring.
Choice Picks is a compilation album by the American pop rock duo The Rembrandts.
Chomatobatrachus is an extinct genus of prehistoric amphibian from the Triassic.
Chomet wrote the piece while Terry Davies conducted and arranged its production.
Chontabamba District is one of eight districts of the province Oxapampa in Peru.
Choridactylus is a genus of stonefishes native to the Indian and Pacific oceans.
Chosmes is a village and municipality in San Luis Province in central Argentina.
Chowdhury is a graduate from Siliguri College under the North Bengal University.
Chowdhury is a hereditary title of honor originating in the Indian subcontinent.
Chresmodidae is an extinct family of insects within the superorder Polyneoptera.
Chriss also serves on the board of trustees of the Institute for Advanced Study.
Christianity has a long history in the region that is now Sudan and South Sudan.
Christian morality was replaced by the craving for coarse and sensual pleasures.
Christofferson described Triumph and Power as "really the essence of this band".
Christopher Coates is a U.S. Justice Department official and former ACLU lawyer.
Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely are American screenwriters and producers.
Chris Walker made a return to the championship on a Motorpoint/Henderson Yamaha.
Chrome is the fourth studio album by American country music singer Trace Adkins.
Chronicle creates tools for businesses to prevent cybercrime on their platforms.
Chrysoperla is a genus of green lacewings in the neuropteran family Chrysopidae.
Chthonerpeton is a genus of semiaquatic amphibians in the family Typhlonectidae.
Chuck Hagel recalled attending dances at the ballroom and a fight at the locale.
Church of Saint Peter and Paul in Tepljuh is Serbian Orthodox church in Croatia.
Church was replaced on the second Montrose album Paper Money by Alan Fitzgerald.
Cieri Media International Corp. is a technology driven video production company.
CIIR is led by Distinguished Professor W. Bruce Croft and Professor James Allan.
CIMBA has a campus in Paderno del Grappa in the Veneto region of northern Italy.
Cindy Cohn is an American civil liberties attorney specializing in Internet law.
Cirrina or Cirrata is a suborder and one of the two main divisions of octopuses.
Citation analysis in a legal context is therefore an important commercial field.
Citations in the bibliography may include streaming audio of royal compositions.
Citrus pellets are an animal feed produced from byproducts of citrus processing.
Civic buildings include the Dallas County Courthouse and the former post office.
Cladiscites is an extinct genus of cephalopods in the ammonoid order Ceratitida.
Clamps are the main attachment structure of the Polyopisthocotylean monogeneans.
Clarke County is a county in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Georgia.
Clarke was determined he would have the best band in the city within six months.
Clark Solomon "Kal" Rudman is an American former disk jockey and philanthropist.
Clark was a partner with William Thompson Walters at importing Percheron horses.
Clasico Ciclistico Banfoandes is a road bicycle race held annually in Venezuela.
Class Coastal Minehunter Program and the third U.S. Navy ship to bear that name.
Clavilispinus is a genus of unmargined rove beetles in the family Staphylinidae.
Clay modeling was soon adopted throughout the industry and remains in use today.
Clay Regazzoni finished second for the Ferrari team and Lotus driver Jacky Ickx.
Cleaning procedures are of the utmost importance in many forms of manufacturing.
Clearing habitats for agriculture is the principal cause of habitat destruction.
Cleary says he was inspired to write the book by the Australian political scene.
Cleitamiphanes is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
Cleveland Magazine is the largest monthly magazine focused on Northeastern Ohio.
Clifford Jones was an English professional footballer who played as a full back.
Climacodon is a widespread genus of tooth fungi in the family Phanerochaetaceae.
Climate change could pose disadvantageous risks to the islands in the Caribbean.
Clinical governance is the mechanism by which that responsibility is discharged.
Clipped is a video featuring five tracks by the Australian hard rock band AC/DC.
Clockwork Gray is the third studio album by American rapper Blaze Ya Dead Homie.
Cloning copies the DNA/genes of the parent and then creates a genetic duplicate.
Clonostylis is a monotypic genus of flowering plant in the family Euphorbiaceae.
Close Quarters is the first novel by the British mystery writer Michael Gilbert.
Closer than a Brother is a silent short animated film created by Fables Studios.
Cloudcatcher Fells is a work for brass band by the British composer John McCabe.
Clubs from other cities than Riga were allowed to participate in the tournament.
Clubs listed are those for which the player has played at least one FA WSL game.
Clyde is approximately equidistant between the cities of Rochester and Syracuse.
Clymeniina is an extinct suborder of ammonites that existed during the Devonian.
CMDFA is linked with the International christian medical and dental association.
CMS is affiliated to the Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations.
CMS Pipelines implements the pipeline concept under the VM/CMS operating system.
Coalbrookdale railway station is a waypoint on the South Telford Heritage Trail.
Coalburg is located along the south bank of the Kanawha River west of East Bank.
Coccygectomy is a surgical procedure in which the coccyx or tailbone is removed.
Coccymys kirrhos is a rodent in the family Muridae that is native to New Guinea.
Cockatoo Island ferry wharf is located on Sydney Harbor serving Cockatoo Island.
Codes regulate the design and construction of structures where adopted into law.
CodeWright was a crossover product at a critical time in the history of Windows.
Coe Hill is located northeast and Jackson Hill is located southwest of Coe Hill.
Coffee Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of Montana named for its dark waters.
Cogley was elected to represent the Irvine Valley ward on East Ayrshire Council.
Cohaesibacter haloalkalitolerans is a bacterium from the genus of Cohaesibacter.
Cohen also brought to the label recordings by other artists such as Tim Buckley.
Coherent backscattering is very difficult to detect and measure for two reasons.
Colby Wedgeworth is managed by Tim Kirch for Eighty One Twenty Three Management.
Coldharbour ward is an administrative division of the London Borough of Lambeth.
Coldwater Creek was named for the fact it is impregnated with cold spring water.
Coleanthus is a genus of Eurasian and North American plants in the grass family.
Coleophora aervae is a moth of the Coleophoridae family that is endemic to Iran.
Coleophora bazae is a moth of the Coleophoridae family that is endemic to Spain.
Collection is a compilation album written and mostly performed by Mike Oldfield.
Collectors also use these documents to help date and restore vintage telephones.
Colleen is the third studio album by Australian recording artist Colleen Hewett.
College Football Data Warehouse was administered by Tex Noel and David DeLassus.
College of Technology operates under the umbrella of Jai Bajrang Shiksha Samiti.
Colleton Bastion was located near the intersection of Water and Meeting Streets.
Collins Crime Club released the book in the UK with the new title Hand in Glove.
Collinsville Formation is a geologic formation in the U.S. state of Connecticut.
Colm is a male given name of Irish origin that means dove in the Irish language.
Colonel Mujibul Haq who was killed in the mutiny was in charge of the operation.
Color effects in the yarn may be obtained by mixing dyed wool before it is spun.
Colour Blind is a stage play by Indian playwright Manav Kaul and Kalki Koechlin.
Colville Delta is a river delta in northern Alaska that flows into Harrison Bay.
Comapa is a municipality in the department of Jutiapa in southeastern Guatemala.
Combining different molecular masses provides some control over the consistency.
Comedian and Late Night host Seth Meyers hosted the ceremony for the first time.
Comedian Olga Syahputra and actor Raffi Ahmad hosted for this awards ceremonies.
Come Into the World is the debut single album by South Korean boy band Teen Top.
Come to Life is the first studio album by American hip hop musician Cities Aviv.
Comets were observed in great detail because of their astrological significance.
Comfort Eagle is the fourth studio album by American alternative rock band Cake.
Commerce began to flourish again as the monetary system had confidence restored.
Commercially the song performed moderately despite not being an official single.
Commodity money is money whose value comes from a commodity of which it is made.
Common names Kisenyi forest treefrog and Kivu tree frog have been coined for it.
Common names warty flying frog and tuberculate tree frog has been coined for it.
Common Sense was the journal of the Edinburgh conference of Socialist Economics.
Common side effects include psychological reactions as the medication wears off.
Common side effects when used by injection include vomiting and kidney problems.
Common symptoms include increased vaginal discharge that often smells like fish.
Commonwealth is the third full novel written by the American author Joey Goebel.
Communal showers are a group of single showers put together in one room or area.
Communities living in the basin of the dam were directly affected by the scheme.
Comodon is an extinct genus of Late Jurassic mammal from the Morrison Formation.
Company startup was during the most rapid evolution of cartridge design to date.
Complete ear canal inspection requires the use of an otoscope by a veterinarian.
Complexes are institutions that have both detention and correctional facilities.
Complex Routing can be accomplished by external .NET or BizTalk driver services.
Components of a DPE will vary based on the density of the computing environment.
Compression testing can also involve a superimposed dead load to a test package.
Compulsive tanning may satisfy the definition of a behavioral addiction as well.
Concussion can occur where an individual experiences a minor injury to the head.
Coney Hall is an area of south east London within the London Borough of Bromley.
Confectionery stores including penny candy stores line both sides of the street.
Confessions is the sixth studio album by the American hard rock band Buckcherry.
Conila is said to be the last village where children are still able to speak it.
Coniothyrium wernsdorffiae is a plant pathogen that causes brand canker on rose.
Connecticut Avenue is a light rail station that is currently under construction.
Connecticut State Marshals are sworn peace officers in the State of Connecticut.
Connie Green was a member of the Irish republican paramilitary group Saor Uladh.
Conrad briefly returned to the series during an alternate ending for its finale.
Conservation indicates that a sequence has been maintained by natural selection.
Conservation sites include Cascade Head and the Rock Creek Wilderness in Oregon.
Conservative support has tended to be greater on the eastern half of the island.
Consists of seven tracks all of which are minimalist ambient noise compositions.
Conspiracies is the first installment in the Conspiracies series of video games.
Constructor is an extended version of the CAD software ArchiCAD from Graphisoft.
Consulting psychologists are typically professionally licensed as psychologists.
Contemporary unenrolled individuals are listed as being of descent from a tribe.
Content is entirely controlled and managed by community language administrators.
Content is usually updated to reflect the current life or status of the subject.
Continuity was also part of a trend towards more eroticism in mainstream comics.
Contracts for smaller vessels under the NSS were announced as they were awarded.
Contributing properties include the Warren County Courthouse and the Twin Mills.
Controlled by Herbert H Franklin it had very few other significant shareholders.
Controproduzioni is the first release by the Italian hardcore punk band Declino.
Convergent boundaries are areas where plates move toward each other and collide.
Cook and nine other musicians recorded the album at Coach House Music in Canada.
Coombe Bissett Downs is managed as a nature reserve by Wiltshire Wildlife Trust.
Coonoor taluk is a taluk of Nilgiris district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Cooper also served as Chief of Staff to the Wildrose Official Opposition caucus.
Coping is commonly used in the fitting of skirting and other moldings in a room.
Coral reef fish are fish which live amongst or in close relation to coral reefs.
Cori Thomas is an playwright whose works include When January Feels Like Summer.
Corn is the main feedstock used for producing ethanol fuel in the United States.
Cornwallis is a rural municipality located in the Canadian province of Manitoba.
Corporal Bray was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for extraordinary heroism.
Corresponding deposits in the Netherlands are divided with the Landen Formation.
Corston was an Australian rules footballer for Port Adelaide and North Adelaide.
Cortinarius hallowellensis is a fungus native to Western Australia and Tasmania.
Cortlandt Street was an express station on the demolished IRT Ninth Avenue Line.
Corymbia lenziana is a member of the Corymbia genus native to Western Australia.
Coryphothamnus is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family.
Cottam directed short films along a topical series called "Dirty Little Shorts".
Counseling may be useful in those who falsely believe that they have bad breath.
Counterplanning techniques are common in everyday life and in military planning.
Countries and local governments have rules for design and use of parking spaces.
County Mayo Eagle Island Light is a lighthouse on Eagle Island in Penobscot Bay.
Couples who were intending to get married could apply to be married on the show.
Courses leading to autonomous registration as a nurse typically last four years.
Coventry has previously spent time on loan at the Hunslet in Betfred League One.
Coventry is in the south part of Chenango County and is northeast of Binghamton.
CPI was merged into Centronics and eventually the Rochester facility was closed.
Crackdown is the fifth studio album by English industrial band Cabaret Voltaire.
Cracks can result in uneven drying from thinner to thicker spots within the pot.
Craddock is a greatest hits collection by country singer Billy "Crash" Craddock.
Craig has also performed with Kid Creole and the Coconuts during their UK shows.
Crash Diagnostic is the final album by punk band Discount on New American Dream.
Craspedoxantha is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
Crazy Nights is the second studio album released by country music band Lonestar.
Crazy World is the third studio album by American pop rock band Boys Like Girls.
Creatine methyl ester is the methyl ester derivative of the amino acid creatine.
Creativity is a phenomenon whereby something new and somehow valuable is formed.
Credit producer Allen Stanton and arranger Nick DeCaro for a job very well done.
Creek is a stream in Iron and Washington counties of the U.S. state of Missouri.
CREW is represented by several prominent lawyers and legal scholars in the case.
CRI also publishes online dailies called Beijing News and Beijing International.
Cricket and association football are the two most popular sports in Afghanistan.
Crime in Serbia is combated by the Serbian Police and other government agencies.
Crime Watch Daily was an American syndicated investigative news magazine series.
Crinitisophira is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
Cristalloidophora is a genus of parasitic alveolates of the phylum Apicomplexia.
Critical appraisal methods form a central part of the systematic review process.
Critics praised System Shock and hailed it as a major breakthrough in its genre.
CRL manages local competitions from senior level down to age group competitions.
Crosby recorded the former title as a duet with Johnny Mercer for Decca Records.
Cross Currents is the third studio album by Brazilian jazz pianist Eliane Elias.
Crowley Island is connected to the mainland by a bridge and Crowley Island Road.
Crupina is a small genus of plants in the thistle tribe within the daisy family.
Crustaceans portal Boeckella is a genus of copepods in the family Centropagidae.
Cryptocephalomorpha is that the labrum is not visible but hidden under the head.
Cryptopleurum is a genus of water scavenger beetles in the family Hydrophilidae.
Crystal Dynamics is best known for developing the Legacy of Kain and Gex series.
Crystal Louthan is an American professional wrestling interviewer and announcer.
CSK VVS Samara won the championship by defeating Sibir Novosibirsk in the final.
CSRS continues to provide retirement benefits to those eligible to receive them.
CSS Jackson was a gunboat of the Confederate Navy during the American Civil War.
CSS Morgan stood alone between the City of Mobile and the invading Union troops.
Cteniloricaria is a genus of armored catfishes native to northern South America.
Ctenoblepharys adspersa is a lizard found in the monotypic genus Ctenoblepharys.
Cubismo is a Croatian music band of eleven members playing salsa and latin jazz.
Cudzoziemka is considered a classic of the interwar period of Polish literature.
Cult of Death is the third studio release by death/thrash metal band Deathchain.
Cultural changes following this eruption are evidenced by findings at this site.
Culturally the Antankarana have many similarities with the neighboring Sakalava.
Cupulina is an extinct genus of sea sponges belonging to the class Demospongiae.
Curlers from Alberta have dominated the event on both sides since its inception.
Currency bill tracking sites can track currency among the users of that website.
Current data shows that the onset of PEM can range from birth to late adulthood.
Current delegation Below is a list of United States Senators from West Virginia.
Current guitarist Kjetil D. Pedersen was also featured as a guest on this album.
Currently Alicia Keys holds the record for most wins in this category with five.
Currently Chris Brown holds the record for most wins in this category with four.
Currently dancing the role of Fritz in Nutcracker in with Tivoli Ballet Theater.
Currently he is working on an upcoming gangster themed film starring Sharwanand.
Currently he plays on lead position in the team of his older brother Kyle Smith.
Currently it is developed by the OpenPrinting workgroup of the Linux Foundation.
Currently playing professional futsal with Portland City Futsal Club in the MLF.
Currently seven city council districts are represented across the City of Omaha.
Currently the games are now published and distributed by Assemble Entertainment.
Current MLA from this constituency is Lahkmen Rymbui of United Democratic Party.
Current MLA from this constituency is Nujorki Sungoh of United Democratic Party.
Current MLA from this constituency is Shitlang Pale of Indian National Congress.
Current Sierra Leone"s president Julius Maada Bio is very popular in Fourah Bay.
Current state of the art ECA rule engines use many variations on rule structure.
Current World Archeology is a magazine devoted to archeology spanning the globe.
Currey Road Station was originally built to carry horses during the British Raj.
"Curt" Schroder is former a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
Cuspilongus is an extinct genus of parasitic wasp in the sawfly family Cephidae.
Cutting Edge is a series of recordings made by the British rock band Delirious?.
Cutting from the top down is overbucking and from the bottom up is underbucking.
Cybatar is a fuel industry focused technology company founded by Phiwa Nkambule.
Cycling is one of the sports at the quadrennial Mediterranean Games competition.
Cyrtolitidae is an extinct family of monoplacophorans in the order Cyrtonellida.
Dablo is a department or commune of Sanmatenga Province in central Burkina Faso.
Dacrydium is a genus of conifers belonging to the podocarp family Podocarpaceae.
Dactylorhiza were previously classified under Orchis which has two round tubers.
Dagoll Dagom have also created television series and released soundtrack albums.
Dahira viksinjaevi is a moth of the family Sphingidae which is known from China.
Dahl had also planned to write a third book in the series but never finished it.
Dairy cattle are those primarily raised for their milk as part of dairy farming.
Dale Nixon is also credited as the bass player on the Great Cynics album "Posi".
Daljirka Dahsoon is a Tomb of the Unknown Soldier memorial located in Mogadishu.
Dalton City is a Lucky Luke comic written by Goscinny and illustrated by Morris.
Damaged is the debut studio album by the American hardcore punk band Black Flag.
Dame Nicola Mary Brewer DCMG is a British diplomat and university administrator.
Damich was the first president of the National Federation of Croatian Americans.
Damle is widely recognized as the biggest ultimate superstar of Marathi theater.
DAML+OIL is a successor language to DAML and OIL that combines features of both.
Dam Port of Entry is a port of entry to the United States on the Mexican border.
Damselflies sometimes provide the subject for personal jewelry such as brooches.
Damuluru is a village in Krishna district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Danaba was a town and bishopric in the late Roman province of Phoenicia Secunda.
Dana Royer is a geoscientist specializing in paleobotany at Wesleyan University.
Dancing with the Stars is a video game based on the show Dancing with the Stars.
Dangerous Girls is the first novel in the Dangerous Girls series by R. L. Stine.
Dan Gross is the former President of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence.
Daniel Kilkelly from Digital Spy believed she has "history of erratic behavior".
Dani was initially against moving to the Bay as she thought the town was "tame".
Dante Acosta is an American politician serving in the California State Assembly.
Daphne Woodward was a translator of French literature into the English language.
Dark blue or blue violet flowers are borne on long stems held above the foliage.
"Dark Horse" Tour was a worldwide concert tour by Canadian rock band Nickelback.
Dark Love is the seventh studio album by the American rock band Murder by Death.
Darkness is the third in an extended play series The Wonderlands by Jon Foreman.
Dark Prince is a paranormal romance written by American author Christine Feehan.
Darkspore was a video game that borrowed creature editing technology from Spore.
Darley Dale railway station is a railway station on the heritage line Peak Rail.
Daron Norwood is the debut album of American country music singer Daron Norwood.
Darren Junee is a former rugby union and rugby league footballer from Australia.
Darrow would later visit the Griffith farm when passing through Trumbull County.
Darwin established relatives ages for rock units in the high Andes near Potillo.
Darwish is best known for her interpretations of Turkish and Kurdish folk songs.
Dasgupta specialized in surveying subjects of fascination to the Bengali public.
Das has pointed to the invaluable lessons this work provides for the modern age.
Das Kapital is the eleventh studio album by Brazilian rock band Capital Inicial.
Data alignment refers to aligning elements according to their natural alignment.
Datasource is a name given to the connection set up to a database from a server.
Dating couple Sam Lambert and Paul Mitskopoulos were the winners of this season.
David Beveridge was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a defender.
David Blaize is a novel of school life by English author Edward Frederic Benson.
David Joseph Osmek is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota Senate.
David K. Smith is a professor of chemistry at the University of York in England.
David M. Maloney Sr. is a politician from the U.S. commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
David Richards is an Australian and former CEO of International Cricket Council.
David Strand is specialist in the history and political culture of modern China.
Davis started his career by knocking out fellow boxer Otis Gordon in two rounds.
DCC is the curling club with the second largest membership in the United States.
DC vaccine has been introduced as a new therapeutic strategy in cancer patients.
DD Odia is a state owned TV channel telecasting from Doordarshan Kendra Cuttack.
Deadly Sins is the seventh album by the American heavy metal band Seven Witches.
De afvallige came on the longlist for both the AKO and Libris literature prizes.
Deankie and Tiara from the Philippines were declared the winners in this season.
Dear Friend is a Philippine television drama anthology broadcast by GMA Network.
Dear Green Place was a Scottish comedy program set in a park in central Glasgow.
Dear Old Pal of Mine is a World War I song written by Harold Robe and Gitz Rice.
Deathless are creatures that have prolonged their lives unnaturally using magic.
Deathrace King is the fourth album by Swedish death/thrash metal band The Crown.
Deathstalker Destiny is a science fiction novel by British author Simon R Green.
Debate is believed to improve critical thinking skills and educational outcomes.
DeBell officiated in the Conference USA and the Big East before joining the NFL.
Deborah Corum is the current director of athletics for Southern Utah University.
De Castro and Pearson subsequently played with Cinerama and The Wedding Present.
Decimate the Weak is the debut album by American deathcore band Winds of Plague.
Decimus Haterius Agrippa was the son of the orator and senator Quintus Haterius.
Decisions from this court may be further appealed to the Oklahoma Supreme Court.
DECnet is a suite of network protocols created by Digital Equipment Corporation.
Decorated stone pediments extend above the roof line in the center of each wing.
Deen was born in London into a family which originally hailed from Sierra Leone.
Deep is an American documentary television series produced by Best Film Company.
Defending champion Tsugio Matsuda secured the championship with a round in hand.
Deficit financing minimizes risks and costs of developing programs for networks.
Degaussing is the process of decreasing or eliminating a remnant magnetic field.
DeHaas is known for her efforts toward diversity and inclusion in the workplace.
DeKalb Avenue is a station on the BMT Canarsie Line of the New York City Subway.
Delateralization is a replacement of a lateral consonant by a central consonant.
DelCampo provides special education services through a Learning Resource Center.
Delta is an Indian homegrown networking and support app for the LGBTQ community.
Demers is an adjunct professor teaching national security law at Georgetown Law.
Democrats picked up three districts while losing two for a net gain of one seat.
Demographically it is mostly Caucasian and made of mostly two person households.
Demographic history is the reconstructed record of human population in the past.
Dempsey Modzelewski is an American lawyer and Captain in the United States Navy.
Dendronucleatidae is a family of parasitic worms from the order Echinorhynchida.
Denebola brachycephala is an extinct whale belonging to the family Monodontidae.
Deng Xiaoping had been to Japan to sign a treaty and to look at its development.
Dennis Griffin is the current interim president of the College of Western Idaho.
Denzler was the first athlete to represent Colombia at the Winter Olympic Games.
Department heads report to the commanding officer through the executive officer.
Depending on the country there can be national or regional public consultations.
Dephasing is a mechanism that recovers classical behavior from a quantum system.
Depositions developed in Canada and the United States in the nineteenth century.
Depth in a well is not necessarily measured vertically or along a straight line.
Der Blutharsch is the primary musical project of Austrian musician Albin Julius.
Derby Turn was a football and athletics stadium in Burton upon Trent in England.
Dern Rutlidge released one full length album which was well received by critics.
Described by the NME magazine as "Cardiff based indie superstars in the making".
Desert Land is the third album by the Swedish Christian power metal band Narnia.
Desmatophocidae is an extinct family of pinnipeds closely related to true seals.
Desmond Arias travels to three large favelas in the outskirts of Rio de Janeiro.
Determinancy diagrams are particularly used as an aid to database normalization.
Determining which patents are essential to a particular standard can be complex.
Deuces is a solitaire card game which is played with two decks of playing cards.
Devarakonda is a town in the Nalgonda district of the Indian state of Telangana.
Devdas is a Bengali film based on the Sharat Chandra Chattopadhyay novel Devdas.
Developers also can donate their code and integrate it with the eMobc framework.
Developmental psychologists study the development of social cognition abilities.
Development in the north of Colchester threatens to encroach on Great Horkesley.
Development of alopecia in animals is usually the sign of an underlying disease.
Development of education infrastructure is an important component of Nurly Zhol.
Development therefore goes through set stages and always occurs in the same way.
Device Manager is a Control Panel applet in Microsoft Windows operating systems.
De Villiers was born in Kenya and educated at schools there and in South Africa.
Devils are Lawful Evil in alignment and originate from the Nine Hells of Baator.
Devi Sri Prasad composed the score and Arthur A. Wilson was its cinematographer.
Devlin played two seasons at Penn State before deciding to transfer to Delaware.
De Vreese is the founding Director of the Center for Politics and Communication.
Dew was acknowledged as being a long penetrating left foot kick of the football.
Dexit is also offering refunds of all funds that have been stored on Dexit Tags.
Dexter Roberts left the tour after appearing in only a few shows due to illness.
Dextromethamphetamine is a much stronger CNS stimulant than levomethamphetamine.
Dhingra is the first Sikh elected to any state legislature in the United States.
Dhumnagiar is a village in West Champaran district in the Indian state of Bihar.
Diagnosis is based on symptoms and supported by blood tests and genetic testing.
Diagnosis is the identification of the nature and cause of a certain phenomenon.
Dialommus is a genus of labrisomid blennies native to the eastern Pacific Ocean.
Dial Press shared a building with The Dial and Scofield Thayer worked with both.
Diana Dennis is a former professional female bodybuilder from the United States.
Diarrhegmoides is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
DiCara is also noted for his incorporation of Hindu spirituality into his music.
Dichpalle is a village in Nizamabad district in the state of Telangana in India.
Dictyonissus is a genus of tropiduchid planthoppers in the family Tropiduchidae.
Did coaching clinic in Melbourne with George Best Bobby Charlton and Dennis Law.
Diegocanis is an extinct genus of cynodonts from the Late Triassic of Argentina.
Different artists on the label have had hit singles as well as albums in Europe.
Differentiating the various periods of human history involved is a complex task.
Digital Unlocked is a training program for small and medium businesses in India.
Dignity Health is the official health care provider of the San Francisco Giants.
Dihydromethysticin is one of the six major kavalactones found in the kava plant.
Diluting essential oils is a critical safety practice when using essential oils.
Dilution is a basis of trademark infringement that applies only to famous marks.
Diluviicola is a genus of fungi in the Annulatascaceae family of the Ascomycota.
Dimeringophrys is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
Dino Ferari is an Italian drummer who has worked with a number of British bands.
Dintel is a river in North Brabant that runs from Oudenbosch to Standdaarbuiten.
Diocese of Singapore was an Anglican diocese which covered Singapore and Malaya.
Diospyros acuminata is a tree in the Ebony family which is endemic to Sri Lanka.
Diphtheria can be treated with the antibiotics erythromycin or benzylpenicillin.
Diplock courts are common in Northern Ireland for crimes connected to terrorism.
Diplocyclos is a genus of climbing or trailing vine in the family Cucurbitaceae.
Diplodactylus is a genus of geckos of the family Diplodactylidae from Australia.
Directly to the north is the Inuit community of Grise Fiord on Ellesmere Island.
Director Camilla Hall was on the front lines recording the WeCopWatch activists.
Director Musices is written in CMU Common Lisp and distributed as free software.
Director of communications is a position in both the private and public sectors.
Direct users connect to ATS Message Servers by means of ATS Message User Agents.
Dirk Boogmans is the Chairman of the Flemish Council for Science and Innovation.
Dirty is the seventh studio album by American alternative rock band Sonic Youth.
Dirty Looks is the fifth solo album by American country pop singer Juice Newton.
Dirty Sexy Money is an American prime time drama series created by Craig Wright.
Disappointing sales led to EMI Records not extending the contract with the band.
Disco Romance is the debut studio album by Swedish electronic duo Sally Shapiro.
DiscoVision is the name of several things related to the video LaserDisc format.
Dishes are typically spicy foods that use chili pepper rather than garam masala.
DisneySea Electric Railway is an elevated railway attraction at Tokyo DisneySea.
Distacodontidae is an extinct family of conodonts in the order Conodontophorida.
Distal terminations of alveolar ducts are atria which then end in alveolar sacs.
Distinguish from the De Morgan Medal awarded by the London Mathematical Society.
Districts in Nepal are second level of administrative divisions after provinces.
Dive companies have relocated or turned their focus to other smaller reef areas.
Diverging from this route is the Heart of Wessex Line from Westbury to Weymouth.
Divers can to a large extent adapt to these effects over time and with practice.
Dives are often used to exaggerate the amount of contact present in a challenge.
Dixon also reported for CNN and Fox News on the NHL suspension of Todd Bertuzzi.
Djebelemuridae is an extinct family of early strepsirrhine primates from Africa.
Djebilet Rosfa is a town and commune in Tiaret Province in northwestern Algeria.
Dld offered this functionality without requiring changes to the OS or toolchain.
DMAEA is an important acrylic monomer that gives basic properties to copolymers.
DMC Surgery Hospital was dedicated to the surgical needs of adults and children.
DMDC was established at a time of great turbulence in the Department of Defense.
DNA replication may proceed from this point bidirectionally or unidirectionally.
Docville takes place each year in different locations within the city of Leuven.
Dodd has participated in various reunions and later recordings of the Standells.
Dodecatheon is a genus of herbaceous flowering plants in the family Primulaceae.
Dolan revived the song in a novelty single with the character Dustin the Turkey.
Dolezel played internationally for Canada and formerly played Canadian football.
Dol Guldur is the third studio album by the Austrian black metal band Summoning.
Dolichodelphys is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family.
Dolichopodainae is a subfamily of camel crickets in the family Rhaphidophoridae.
Dolly Dimples was an American syndicated newspaper comic strip by Grace Drayton.
Dolova is a ghost village in Croatian municipality Dobrinj on the island of Krk.
Dolph decided to take a job at Drake instead of becoming a professional athlete.
Dolphin and Walrus are diesel locomotives currently on the Groudle Glen Railway.
Domain Wintergardens is a complex of gardens located within the Auckland Domain.
Dome Peak is at the southern end of the Ptarmigan Traverse mountaineering route.
Dominguez attended Minneapolis North High School and Hennepin Technical College.
Donahue is the Executive Director of the Skagway Convention and Visitors Bureau.
Don Garlits had "The Swamp Rat" and Pacers Automotive had "The Tasmanian Devil".
Donkey rides are a traditional feature of seaside resorts in the United Kingdom.
Donnellyanthus is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family.
Dopethrone is the third studio album by English doom metal band Electric Wizard.
Dora Colvin is a pioneering woman in the trucking industry in the United States.
Doras is a genus of catfish that mainly inhabit tropical areas in South America.
DoRo was named after the surnames of founders Rudi Dolezal and Hannes Rossacher.
Dotalabrus is a genus of wrasses native to the Indian Ocean coasts of Australia.
Dothiorella brevicollis is an endophytic fungus that might be a latent pathogen.
Dothiorella dulcispinae is an endophytic fungus that might be a latent pathogen.
Doubleday Canada is an imprint of the publishing company Random House of Canada.
Double innings matches usually have at least six hours of playing time each day.
Douglas County is a county in the northwestern part of the U.S. state of Nevada.
Douglas served in the United States Navy during World War II and the Korean War.
Doug Singh is a Belizean politician and a member of the United Democratic Party.
Doug Spangenberg is an American music video director and documentary film maker.
Douroula is a department or commune of Mouhoun Province in western Burkina Faso.
Dover Township is a civil township of Lake County in the U.S. state of Michigan.
Downtown Girls was an MTV reality show about five girls living in New York City.
Down Under was the sixth season of the MTV reality television series Road Rules.
Doyle Bramhall II is the first solo studio album by the artist of the same name.
Doyle then went on to join The Frames after bassist Graham Downey left the band.
Dr Abdullah Sahin is a Reader in Islamic Education at the University of Warwick.
DragonFly BSD developers are also slowly converting their drivers to use busdma.
Draparnaldia is a genus of freshwater green algae in the family Chaetophoraceae.
Dr. Cooper pushed for forming a federation of medical colleges in South America.
Dream diaries are also used by some people as a way to help induce lucid dreams.
Dreams Like Deserts is the debut EP by the Norwegian black metal band Aura Noir.
Dreamz is a Bollywood film in Punjabi starring Sarwar Ahuja and Madalasa Sharma.
Dr Emanuele is also well known for his studies on biomarkers of atherosclerosis.
Dremel is an American brand of power tools known primarily for its rotary tools.
Drew Powell portrayed the character on the Fox Network television series Gotham.
Dr Hessayon still writes Expert books but these are now published by Transworld.
Drink companies use ring pull caps to differentiate themselves from competitors.
Drives with smaller media generally conformed to de facto standard form factors.
Dr Kgosi Letlape is an ophthalmologist and health care leader from South Africa.
Dr. Ohad is a regular contributor to conferences and events in the design world.
Drohar Shivadin was an Indian politician and member of the Bharatiya Jana Sangh.
Dr. Rinaldi is a very active contributor to the field of biomedical text mining.
Dr. Roberto Alexandre de Castro Basto was again elected without being contested.
Dr. Sufit received his B.A. and M.A. in chemistry from Johns Hopkins University.
Drummer Greg Purlee now plays in the Christian country quartet Simon Peter Band.
Dry Creek was named from the fact it is a losing stream during times of drought.
Drync mobile app provides reviews and comments for wines listed in its database.
DSCAM and Dscam are both abbreviations for Down syndrome cell adhesion molecule.
Dsungaripteroidea is a group of pterosaurs within the suborder Pterodactyloidea.
DTUsat was a CubeSat built by students from the Technical University of Denmark.
Dual headphone adapters can be purchased at various audio and electronic stores.
Dudley played in the World Hockey Association and in the National Hockey League.
Due Ponti Cup is a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts.
Due to a high irregularity any distinction from randomness defines lentiginosis.
Due to contractual restrictions the series was never aired in the United States.
Due to its proximity to Fremantle Harbor it has at times had very heavy traffic.
Due to project requirement changes and cancelations the engine was not produced.
Duggirala is a village in Guntur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Duke of York and Albany was a title of nobility in the Peerage of Great Britain.
Duncan and Fraser also held and operated motor distributorships and dealerships.
Dunk Hill is located southwest and Johnson Hill is located west of Lumbert Hill.
Dunman Road and Dunman Lane in the Katong area of Singapore are named after him.
Duri Kepa is an administrative village in the Kebon Jeruk district of Indonesia.
During her duty she never wore a military uniform or saluted a superior officer.
During her stay in India she also studied at the Kishore Namit Kapoor Institute.
During her tenure as First Lady she stayed with her husband at Wilberforce Road.
During his career he played for both Derbyshire and Essex as an opening batsman.
During his career he was unable to qualify for the prestigious Little Brown Jug.
During his career he won one National Hurling League medal on the field of play.
During his tenure he oversaw strategic planning for Operation Unified Protector.
During his term the "City of Kansas" formally changed its name to "Kansas City."
During that time the internal combustion engine got adapted for inland shipping.
During the British rule of India some universities conferred this qualification.
During the cartoon the character was rewritten as a caped and masked space hero.
During the courses students are taught about business by actual business people.
During the First World War Duke of Clarence served as an armed boarding steamer.
During the Korean war Pastor Lee and hundreds of its follower fled to the South.
During the next four years she traveled overseas to gain experience and insight.
During the past decade his primary focus has been around love and sex attitudes.
During the Raj he was made a Commissioner of Coorg first and titled Rao Bahadur.
During the recovery period symptoms disappear in the opposite order they appear.
During the Second World War he served with the Mediterranean and Pacific fleets.
During the second World War it made light alloy components for the armed forces.
During the Second World War the town was occupied by the Imperial Japanese Army.
During the time of Ramayana this place was a forest and was known as Panchavati.
During this time the area competed with the wines of Chios for the Greek market.
During World War II the group was assigned to Ninth Air Force in Western Europe.
During World War II the squadron moved to Trinidad to continue training aircrew.
Dusigitumab is a human monoclonal antibody designed for the treatment of cancer.
Duskin Creek is a stream in Cape Girardeau County in the U.S. state of Missouri.
Duson is a town in Acadia and Lafayette parishes in the U.S. state of Louisiana.
Dusty is the second album of singer Dusty Springfield to be released in the USA.
DVDs containing other types of information may be referred to as DVD data disks.
Dvorak is a customizable card game that begins with a deck of blank index cards.
DXVA works in conjunction with the video rendering model used by the video card.
Dying Sentiment is the first demo released by the death metal band The Mandrake.
Dytiscinae is a subfamily of predaceous diving beetles in the family Dytiscidae.
Each angle had a bastion and there was a substantial barracks and two magazines.
Each bristle of the calamistrum is serrated on one side and smooth on the other.
Each character has a distinct personality which changes as the story progresses.
Each child was assigned a hole in the horizon through which he blew at pleasure.
Each class of service includes certain amenities not offered on regular flights.
Each customer will get personal racing coaching from Emerson Fittipaldi himself.
Each data point at the website was substantiated by at least two public records.
Each discovery has a theme centered on a part of everyday life in Ancient Egypt.
Each document is presented with a brief introduction and short explanatory text.
Each episode featured alternating teams of two and had no regular team captains.
Each episode featured three Australian inventions and short video tape packages.
Each episode one or two topics are discussed during the first hour of broadcast.
Each episode showcases a specific cast member past or present of the Stern Show.
Each flower has a calyx of sepals that narrow to bristles covered in long hairs.
Each helix is actually made up of small spheres called buckyballs or fullerenes.
Each inflorescence has many flowers and each flower may last for several months.
Each issue contains a variety of articles and an extensive book reviews section.
Each of the disks of the album corresponds to one of the sets from the concerts.
Each of the films was required to take place in the southern province of Yunnan.
Each of the over three thousand snakes use different tactics in acquiring mates.
Each of those dialects was associated with an independent kingdom on the island.
Each operating system includes the APIs needed for the file systems it supports.
Each player controls one of four explorers racing to discover an ancient temple.
Each process maintains a thread pool which may be used to service such requests.
Each region formed its own choreography and style to fit in with their own ways.
Each show began with a spoof news item read by Barker as a continuity announcer.
Each show ended with the playing of "What a Wonderful World" by Louis Armstrong.
Each show was run by a man posing as a doctor who drew the crowd with a monolog.
Each state or union territory is further divided into administrative districts..
Each story has a small bit of information on the author before the story itself.
Each time registrations would arrive by the thousands resulting in many matches.
Each title featured a popular love song that appeared as part of the soundtrack.
Each trang is marked with a number that is the basic scoring value of that tile.
Each UK depot has a code that is used when allocating locomotives to the depots.
Each year has a different array of armies and states that each side starts with.
EADS Astrium also played a part in funding and early development of the project.
Eagleby is also the home of the Beenleigh Distillery and Twin Rivers Food Co Op.
Ear disease is a subfield of otolaryngology addressing the pathology of the ear.
Earle cited a change in personal circumstances as the reason for his retirement.
Earlier arenas were temporary structures that were disassembled after the event.
Earlier he had been Secretary of the National Association of Wool Manufacturers.
Earlier revisions of the laws were critiqued for being unduly harsh on citizens.
Earlier versions of the song have also been released under the title of "Sappy."
Early Chapters is the first EP by the Swedish melodic death metal band Soilwork.
Early Christian inscriptions are the epigraphical remains of early Christianity.
Early copies of the CD also included unique Polaroid photographs by Schwartzman.
Early Dawg is the debut solo studio album by American mandolinist David Grisman.
Early editions of the cookbook were ostensibly written by the character herself.
Early ethnographer James Adair translated the name to mean "running hard labor".
Early in his career he was offered a position at Opryland USA after an audition.
Early Iron Age burial mounds were also found on its northern and eastern slopes.
Early Lydian texts were written either from left to right or from right to left.
Early research included the Cretaceous plant discoveries made by Leo Lesquereux.
Early years of high school baseball were limited to a single state championship.
Early years of high school football were limited to a single state championship.
Earnings yield is the quotient of earnings per share divided by the share price.
Earth vs. the Flying Saucers was released as a double feature with The Werewolf.
East Asian cinema is cinema produced in East Asia or by people from this region.
Eastbourne Borough Council is the local authority for the borough of Eastbourne.
East Cape East Cape is the easternmost point of the main islands of New Zealand.
Easter Monday is the day after Easter Sunday and is a holiday in some countries.
Eastern Angles is a professional rural touring theater company based in Ipswich.
East Island is an island in Milne Bay Province of southeastern Papua New Guinea.
East Torrens is a Baseball club playing in the South Australian Baseball League.
Easy Money is the nineteenth studio album of country music artist John Anderson.
Eberhard is an old Germanic name meaning the strength or courage of a wild boar.
Eberhard Mock is a fictional character in a series of novels by Marek Krajewski.
EBM can be used for very accurate cutting or boring of a wide variety of metals.
E. calendulina is known only from the lower limits of the Cachil Forest of Peru.
Echinosaura sulcarostrum has been found in northwestern Guyana at low elevation.
Echo Burning is the fifth novel in the Jack Reacher series written by Lee Child.
Eclipse is the first studio album by the industrial/horror techno band G.G.F.H..
E. coli nitroreductase is a flavoprotein found in the bacteria Escherichia coli.
Economic cost differs from accounting cost because it includes opportunity cost.
Economic difficulties and general civil unrest had never allowed this to happen.
Economic Geyser is believed to be named for its behavior during its active days.
Economic stability is the absence of excessive fluctuations in the macroeconomy.
Ecos is an online journal by the British Association of Nature Conservationists.
E. cruciferarum is an ascomycete fungus that has both sexual and asexual stages.
Ectobius vittiventris is a cockroach that mainly lives in the South of the Alps.
Ectopic beats are considered normal and are not indicative of cardiac pathology.
Edaphic endemics are plants or animals endemic to areas of a specific soil type.
Eden Township is a civil township of Mason County in the U.S. state of Michigan.
Edge Cricket Club is an amateur cricket club based at Alderley Edge in Cheshire.
Edge loops are especially practical in organic models which need to be animated.
Edinburgh University Library is one of the most important libraries of Scotland.
Edlapalli is a village in Guntur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Edna Yolani Batres is a Honduran politician who is currently Minister of Health.
Ed Randall is a longtime New York radio and TV personality and published author.
Educated at the Alberta College of Art and Design and the School of Visual Arts.
Education in Alberta is provided through funding from the provincial government.
Education in Azerbaijan is regulated by the Ministry of Education of Azerbaijan.
Education in South Korea is provided by both public schools and private schools.
Edumudi is a village in Prakasam district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Edward Gribben was a World War I flying ace credited with five aerial victories.
Edward Lauterbach was the Time magazine Moscow bureau chief during World War II.
Edwards is the principal community of the Edwards Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Effeltrich is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.
Efforts to treat the underlying cause may include bypass surgery or angioplasty.
Effutu is a village in Effutu Municipal District in the Central Region of Ghana.
Egan and Miller previously acted together on the ABC soap opera All My Children.
Egg bhurji is a similar egg dish eaten in many parts of the Indian subcontinent.
Eggolsheim is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.
Egusi soup is a culinary soup prepared with egusi seeds as a primary ingredient.
Egyptian mythology and culture have influenced popular culture in multiple ways.
Ehlen is a filmmaker and actress best known for her comedic feature Butch Jamie.
Ehmaniella is a genus of trilobite known from the Middle Cambrian Burgess Shale.
Eiffelospongia is a genus of sponge known from the Mount Stephen Trilobite Beds.
Eight of the players were still active in the AFL at the time of being selected.
Eight United States presidents have made presidential visits to the Middle East.
Eight years later when she returned to the worlds her team won the silver medal.
Eikwe is a small town in the Nzema East district of the Western Region of Ghana.
Either date would make them the oldest known petroglyphs found in North America.
Either side of the World Championship he won two Commonwealth Games gold medals.
EJ is meant to show the idea that justification is characteristically epistemic.
Elachista bazaensis is a moth of the Elachistidae family that is found in Spain.
Elachista glaseri is a moth of the Elachistidae family that is endemic to Spain.
Elachista luqueti is a moth of the Elachistidae family that is endemic to Spain.
Elachista varensis is a moth of the Elachistidae family that is found in France.
Elaine Rush MNZM is Professor of Nutrition at Auckland University of Technology.
Elamkunnapuzha is a village in Ernakulam district in the Indian state of Kerala.
Elam was the third son and the first of the family to join the Methodist Church.
Elaprolu is a village in Krishna district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Elban Krishna is an Indian cinematographer who mainly works in Malayalam cinema.
Elbow Lake Creek is a stream in Thurston County in the U.S. state of Washington.
Eleanor Jones Harvey is a senior curator at the Smithsonian American Art Museum.
Elected officials must then be endorsed by the Central Committee to take office.
Election campaigns and associated political advertisements have some regulation.
Election to the office is by ballot or via the county party executive committee.
Electrical engineering in this context also encompasses electronics engineering.
Electrification began in cities and towns and gradually extended to rural areas.
Electrocommunication is the communication method used by weakly electric fishes.
Electrocteniza is an extinct monotypic genus of spider in the family Ctenizidae.
Electrofringe is a nonprofit arts organization governed by a Board of Directors.
Electrofusion welding is a form of resistive implant welding used to join pipes.
Electrofusion welding is the most common welding technique for joining PE pipes.
Electronic Arts will publish the game under its indie game program EA Originals.
Elegant Gypsy is the second album by American jazz fusion guitarist Al Di Meola.
Elektromos Futball Club was a Hungarian football club from the town of Budapest.
Eleleth is an angel in Gnostic cosmology and one of the four Sethian luminaries.
Elements of Black Lightning were controversial when the character first debuted.
Eleonora Bargili was an Italian pastellist active during the eighteenth century.
Elephant Man borrowed the first few bars from "I Will Survive" by Gloria Gaynor.
Eleusis is sometimes considered an analogy to the problems of scientific method.
Elicinae is a subfamily of tropiduchid planthoppers in the family Tropiduchidae.
Eligible titles were those covering areas of the humanities and social sciences.
Elijah Clarke is a professional Muay Thai Kickboxer living in the United States.
Elim Constituency is an electoral constituency in the Omusati Region of Namibia.
Elizabeth Concordia is an executive at the University of Colorado Health System.
Elk Basin is a valley on the border of Montana and Wyoming in the United States.
Elle Magazine recently recognized Twigs as one of the best boutiques in America.
Ellis became the first Black man to earn a doctorate degree in computer science.
Ellisochloa is a genus of Namibian and South African plants in the grass family.
Ellvana is a tall and strong target striker who rarely gets pushed off the ball.
Elmer M. Daily was President of the league the full nine years of its existence.
El Milagro District is one of seven districts of the province Utcubamba in Peru.
Elmwood is a provincial electoral division in the Canadian province of Manitoba.
Eloise Reyes is an American politician serving in the California State Assembly.
El Oro District is one of the seven districts of the province Antabamba in Peru.
El Paso is a city in Woodford and McLean counties in the U.S. state of Illinois.
Elsa is loosely based on a character of the same name from the Frozen franchise.
Elton had provided uncredited backing and duetting vocals on this collaboration.
Elymian is the extinct language of the ancient Elymian people of western Sicily.
Emancipation is the nineteenth studio album by American recording artist Prince.
Emergencies are served in Cobbitty by the Cobbitty Volunteer Rural Fire Brigade.
Emily is also predicted to reunite Zanessa as a romantic couple in future years.
Emmeline Katherine "Emmy" Fink is an American television reporter and presenter.
Emotional eating is defined as overeating in order to relieve negative emotions.
Empingham is a village in the county of Rutland in the East Midlands of England.
Empire from the Ashes is a science fiction novel by American writer David Weber.
Empire of Two Worlds is the third science fiction novel by Barrington J. Bayley.
Empires is the third studio album by the alternative electronic band VNV Nation.
Employees are known for their uniforms that feature a bow tie and a newsboy cap.
Empty Beaches is the third studio album by alternative rock band Cecimonster Vs.
Enagi Nataraj was a theater actor who was a son of the late actor Enagi Balappa.
Encourage higher industry standards and fees for all types of freelance writing.
Encouraging the continuous development and free distribution of human knowledge.
Encryption is an optional solution and is used to protect from unauthorized use.
Endangered Species is the eighth album by the Southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd.
Endapalli is a village in Kadapa district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Endiadric acid C is reported to have better antibiotic activity than ampicillin.
Endogenous substances and drugs that cause vasodilation are termed vasodilators.
Endopolygeny is the division into several organisms at once by internal budding.
End railway station was a station on the North Island Main Trunk in New Zealand.
Endymion is a lunar impact crater that lies near the northeast limb of the Moon.
Enerson won five races and finished on the podium in nine of the fourteen races.
Engden is a community in the district of the County of Bentheim in Lower Saxony.
Engineering Geology is a peer reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier.
England started this series ranked second in the LG ICC Test Championship table.
England was excluded from the Championship due to their refusal to join the IRB.
England were certainly interested even as Lancashire rationed his opportunities.
English Amateur is the national amateur match play golf championship of England.
English contract law is a body of law regulating contracts in England and Wales.
English Harbor West is a village located on the south west shore of Fortune Bay.
English Renaissance sculpture was mainly architectural and for monumental tombs.
Enhancing the view of the boats in port is the Julie Burgess a wooden tall ship.
Enlightened rulers may have played a part in the abolition of serfdom in Europe.
Ennen aamunkoittoo is the fourth studio album by Finnish reggae artist Raappana.
Enough data is written to the log to either redo or to undo the operation later.
Enrico Casarosa is an Italian storyboard artist and director who works at Pixar.
Ensure respect for constitutional rights and guarantees in judicial proceedings.
Enteric coated medications pertain to the "delayed action" dosage form category.
Enterprises and individuals can install and control their own services and data.
Entitled as Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary unless otherwise noted.
Entries on the database can be accessed by police officers and civilian workers.
Enviken is also the name of a record company in the Swedish province of Dalarna.
Environmental Choice New Zealand is a member of the Global Ecolabelling Network.
Environmental hormones are chemical compounds that resembles endocrine hormones.
Enz of an Era was the first hits compilation by New Zealand rock band Split Enz.
Eonatator is an extinct genus of marine lizard belonging to the mosasaur family.
EON Automart also provides after sales and service of the all Mitsubishi models.
Eoperipatus is a Southeast Asian genus of velvet worm in the Peripatidae family.
Ephraim M. Sparrow is a Professor of Engineering at the University of Minnesota.
Epipocinae is a subfamily of handsome fungus beetles in the family Endomychidae.
Episodes have also been available on iTunes and Hulu and some episodes on Joost.
Episodes of The Powerpuff Girls have seen numerous DVD and VHS releases as well.
Epsom Common is also of archeological interest and it is a Local Nature Reserve.
Equatorial rings can also be found on armillary spheres and equatorial sundials.
Equipment for the institution has been provided gradually by means of donations.
Eran Shainzinger is an Israeli footballer currently playing at FC Karmiel Safed.
Eric Sykes plays a policeman who attempts to go undercover without much success.
Eric Van Lustbader wrote a sequel titled The Bourne Legacy fourteen years later.
Erke looking forward the future development of OEM and Private Label Production.
ERKE was also the official kit sponsor for the Korea DPR national football team.
Erlauf is a town in the district of Melk in the Austrian state of Lower Austria.
Errors due to inefficient packing in the sample tube are difficult to eliminate.
Erynniola is a genus of tachinid flies in the family Tachinidae from Madagascar.
Escalas is the only swimmer to win an NCAA championship after being seeded last.
Escalating violence threatens innocent civilians and Western economic interests.
Escalators are used around the world in places where lifts would be impractical.
Escort is a Turkish computer manufacturer and Consumer electronics retail chain.
Esley is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Esperanza is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina.
ESP produces several bass guitar models based on the custom models of Tom Araya.
Essendon coach Kevin Sheedy disagreed with this theory but allowed him to do so.
Essentials is the second compilation album by the alternative rock band Failure.
Essex won the Schweppes County Championship and Yorkshire won the Sunday League.
Estela Rubio is an American politician serving in the California State Assembly.
Esua was a school master and a founder member of the Nigerian Union of Teachers.
ET Canada is hosted by longtime Global Toronto entertainment host Cheryl Hickey.
Eternal Melody is the first classical studio album by Japanese musician Yoshiki.
Ethanolamides can be prepared synthetically by heating esters with ethanolamine.
Ethiopian Coffee Sports Club is an Ethiopian football club based in Addis Ababa.
E. Thomas White was an English professional footballer who played as a defender.
Ethusidae is one of two extant families of crabs in the superfamily Dorippoidea.
ETI was first identified in plants but has also been identified in animal cells.
Eucalanus bungii is a copepod found in the north Pacific and surrounding waters.
Eudromaeosaur fossils are known almost exclusively from the northern hemisphere.
Eugene J. McHale was president of the New York Yankees of Major League Baseball.
Eupsittula is a genus of South and Middle American parakeets in the tribe Arini.
Eurasia is a continent comprising the traditional continents of Europe and Asia.
Eurema is a widespread genus of grass yellow butterflies in the family Pieridae.
Euroamphicyon is a beardog carnivoran which inhabited Europe during the Miocene.
Eurocrypt is held annually in the spring in various locations throughout Europe.
Europa Cup was a predecessor of Continental Cup with events held only in Europe.
European and U.S. regulations allow small amounts to be used as a food additive.
Europeans in Pakistan comprise residents of Pakistan who are of European origin.
Europejara is a genus of tapejarid pterosaur from the Early Cretaceous of Spain.
Eurycephaloplectrus is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
Eurydactylodes occidentalis is a gecko endemic to Grande Terre in New Caledonia.
Euryoryzomys is a genus of rodents in the tribe Oryzomyini of family Cricetidae.
Euscolosuchus is an extinct genus of suchian closely related to crocodylomorphs.
Evangelia Heretika is the second live DVD by Polish extreme metal band Behemoth.
Evans grew up in Narrandera and worked for an irrigation company in Coleambally.
Evelyn Delerme Camacho is a Puerto Rican politician and former mayor of Vieques.
Even Cowgirls Get the Blues is the third live album by Welsh musician John Cale.
Even dried and powdered leaves retain the poison and can kill fish very quickly.
Evening Edition is an American weather program broadcast by The Weather Channel.
Even some students secured positions at National level in Maths Kangroo Contest.
Event organizing and public speaking can also be considered forms of mass media.
Events featuring a Reithoffer Shows midway are held from April through November.
Events often last through the night and are held in hotels or community centers.
Eventually IWASM outgrew its Centerville home and needed to find a new location.
Eventually the INS investigation determined that the "Abankwah" was an impostor.
Evergreen Park and Sturdee Park are two large parks amongst many smaller others.
Ever is an American comedy series created and executive produced by Fred Graver.
Everlight is the fifth studio album by German progressive metal band Dreamscape.
Every investment is typically based on a thorough investigation of the property.
Every major metropolitan area of the state was represented among its membership.
Everyone is competing for Prom King and Queen and the audience decides who wins.
"Everything Keeps Dissolving" and "Chasms" appear on "CD B" of Live One as well.
Every year the Daily Home is a major sponsor of the local Pell City Block Party.
Evolab is a Colorado licensed retail and medical marijuana product manufacturer.
Evolution explains the observed faunal and floral succession preserved in rocks.
Ewedu can be used to make a Yoruba soup that is traditionally served with amala.
Examples include manufacturing parts from flat raw material such as sheet metal.
Examples include melatonin receptor agonists and melatonin receptor antagonists.
Examples of common classes of biological targets are proteins and nucleic acids.
Examples of financial institutions involved include Goldman Sachs and Citigroup.
Excavations have shown signs of a New Stone Age and early Bronze Age settlement.
Except that right under the Pole there lies a bare Rock in the midst of the Sea.
Excluding Whit Crane all have been members of Godsmack presently or in the past.
Executive Producers of the series are William Wallace Gray and William B. Davis.
Exhibition of the signs may be an ongoing activity or an annual temporary event.
Existing research and evidence shows that voter impersonation is extremely rare.
EXMARaLDA is based on the open standards XML and Unicode and programmed in Java.
Exomer is a heterotetrameric protein complex similar to COPI and other adaptins.
Exor has however raised the possibility of the future sale of some of its stake.
Expression of this gene is restricted to embryos and adult olfactory epithelium.
Expungement in the United States is a process which varies across jurisdictions.
External shades control the impact of the sun on the building and spaces within.
Extra material such as a photo slideshow and rehearsal footage is also included.
Ex Umbra De Mortuus is a studio album by the heavy metal band Rigor Sardonicous.
Eye care in the United Kingdom is available through the National Health Service.
Eyre was an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia.
Failure to properly maintain a registered agent can affect a company negatively.
Failure to recognize this behavior can lead to unnecessary and invasive testing.
Fainting rooms were used for more privacy during home treatment pelvic massages.
Fair Haired Child is the ninth episode of the first season of Masters of Horror.
Fairholt is a grade II listed building on Hadley Green Road facing Hadley Green.
Fairlawn wears blue and white and competes in the Shelby County Athletic League.
Faisal Ibrahim Suleiman is a retired Jordanian footballer of Palestinian origin.
Fall for You is the fifth studio album by American recording artist Leela James.
Famed artist Alex Ross has contributed to the Flash Gordon action figure design.
Family courts hear all cases that relate to familial and domestic relationships.
Family First New Zealand is a conservative Christian lobby group in New Zealand.
Fan Force United was an American racing team formerly in the Indy Lights series.
Fangchinoline is an isolate of Stephania tetrandra that has anticancer activity.
Fans would text a certain number and would be given a code for their state/area.
Fantasia of Life Stripe is the second full album by Japanese rock band Flumpool.
Far fewer entomologists in England and France were multilingual than in Germany.
Far from the Sun is the sixth studio album by Finnish heavy metal band Amorphis.
Faria was an Indian politician and nominated MLAof the Goa Legislative Assembly.
Farmer graduated from West Seattle High School and the University of Washington.
Farmers also grow soybeans in the monsoon season and wheat in the winter season.
Farming is the major occupation of the constituents and Chili is the major crop.
Farrell played the part of Gerard Moran and Cobb played the part of Moira Moran.
Farther south in Mexico it can be found in arroyos in subtropical scrub habitat.
Fascins crosslink actin into filamentous bundles within dynamic cell extensions.
Fashion Cafe was a restaurant based in New York City featuring celebrity models.
Father Gerardo was a missionary in the remote Northeastern region of the nation.
Fatima along with her husband both converted to Islam together at the same time.
Fatsuits worn by characters are either deliberately visible or mainly concealed.
Faux Light is the first studio album recorded by the indie rock band Loyal Wife.
Fayettevilleidae is one of six families of the Neoglyphiocerataceae superfamily.
Fazel Ahmed Manawi was Deputy Chief Justice in the Supreme Court of Afghanistan.
Features include the remains of Whorlton Castle and the Church of the Holy Rood.
February is the third month of meteorological winter in the Northern Hemisphere.
FEBs are also a resource for agencies to share best practices among their peers.
Federal data helps determine where cities rank in terms of their property value.
Federal legislative power was vested in the Parliament of Serbia and Montenegro.
Federated Millers and Manufacturing Grocers Union was an Australian trade union.
Feeling of Flying is the debut studio album by American producer Markis Precise.
Fefferman has held several leadership positions in church related organizations.
Feldwebel Julius Busa was a World War I flying ace credited with five victories.
Felicity Ann Dawn Aston MBE is an English explorer and former climate scientist.
Female connectors have bail locks for a sturdy connection to the male connector.
Females have a coppered colored eye where as the male has a very dark black eye.
Females lay eggs all over the host but particularly on the uppersides of leaves.
Fencing is one of the sports at the quadrennial Mediterranean Games competition.
Feni is a populated place in the Chittagong Division of southeastern Bangladesh.
Ferganoceratidae is one of six families of the Neoglyphiocerataceae superfamily.
Fernando Verdasco was the defending champion but chose not to compete this year.
Ferraro was the first woman to be a part of a national ticket for a major party.
Ferret Monogatari is a simulation style game in which you take care of a ferret.
Ferreyranthus is a genus of South American flowering plants in the daisy family.
Fertiana is a townland in the civil parish of the same name in County Tipperary.
Fetter Lane is a street in the ward of Farringdon Without in the City of London.
Fettes Brot and Bela B. later collaborated on "Fussball ist immer noch wichtig".
Few businesses survive five years in the same form that they were first founded.
Few movie exhibitors or theater chains choose to provide Rear Window captioning.
FFS differs from its predecessor mainly in the removal of redundant information.
FFT also trains and appoints match officials in accordance with FIFA guidelines.
Fiberboard is a type of engineered wood product that is made out of wood fibers.
Fichtelberg is a municipality in the district of Bayreuth in Bavaria in Germany.
Fictional blogs are a changing phenomenon with great potential to young writers.
Fida M. Kamal is a Bangladeshi lawyer and former Attorney General of Bangladesh.
Fieldospongia is a genus of sponge known from the Middle Cambrian Burgess Shale.
Field was one of the two characters to appear in all the episodes of the series.
FIFA published the final lists with squad numbers on their website the same day.
Figurate erythema is a form of erythema that presents in a ring or an arc shape.
Files put in quarantine are no longer capable of infecting their hosting system.
Filipino actor Efren Reyes Sr. was the first to play the role on the big screen.
Filipino Mexicans are Mexican citizens who are descendants of Filipino ancestry.
Filling station attendants are still employed at gas stations in many countries.
Fill relies on the constraints provided by crossing words to refine its answers.
Filtering or filtering forward describes moving through traffic that is stopped.
Fin de siecle is the second live album by Polish gothic rock band Closterkeller.
Finding Paradise is an adventure game developed and published by Freebird Games.
Finds from the site can be seen in the Al Ain National Museum in central Al Ain.
FinTech is a new industry that uses technology to improve activities in finance.
Fire Wire is a studio album by former Steely Dan session musician Larry Carlton.
First Generation is a bronze sculpture by Singaporean sculptor Chong Fah Cheong.
First Kiss is the tenth studio album by American singer and songwriter Kid Rock.
First Saturday of every month is earmarked National Sanitation Day across Ghana.
First time playing the roles of Protagonist and Antagonist himself in celluloid.
First Vice Prime Minister of Ukraine is a government post of Cabinet of Ukraine.
Fischbachau is a municipality in the district of Miesbach in Bavaria in Germany.
Fish are salted by packing them between layers of salt or by immersion in brine.
Fish were caught close to shore and were dried on shore soon after being caught.
Fissocantharis is a genus of soldier beetle belonging to the family Cantharidae.
FitFinder was a social networking website primarily based in the United Kingdom.
Fiume needed a state prepared to invest in the city economy concerning the port.
Five Points was the shortened name for the street car stop at this intersection.
Fizzies were tablets that created a "carbonated" soft drink when added to water.
"F.K.O." and "The Long Vein of the Law" were released as singles from the album.
Flachslanden is a municipality in the district of Ansbach in Bavaria in Germany.
Flamingo Park is located conveniently close to downtown Clematis and City Place.
Flamingo Road is an American prime time television soap opera that aired on NBC.
Flaminio Avet was a World War I flying ace credited with eight aerial victories.
Flanagan has written books focused on Egyptian sacred geometry and Pyramidology.
Flanery Branch is a stream in St. Francois County in the U.S. state of Missouri.
Flat spots are more common in the autumn and winter when the rails are slippery.
Fleming is also the first acting coach of New Orleans bred actor Jason Mitchell.
Flexible tanks are a kind of storage equipment for liquids such as water or oil.
FLEX is a communications protocol developed by Motorola and used in many pagers.
Flight of the Nighthawks is a fantasy novel by American writer Raymond E. Feist.
Flight served in the provincial cabinet as Minister of Forestry and Agriculture.
Flintsbach is a municipality in the district of Rosenheim in Bavaria in Germany.
Flora include the nationally rare Kentish milkwort and several uncommon orchids.
Flora is a Ramgarhia clan and surname originating from Punjab in northern India.
Flora of the Sonoran Desert includes six subdivisions based on vegetation types.
Floras produced at a local or regional level rarely contain identification keys.
Flowers in the Rain is the second album by Christian rock band Mad at the World.
Flowers television holds the broadcast rights to the North American Film Awards.
Flowers was involved in the disco and funk scene and used to hold block parties.
Flume is regarded as the pioneer of future bass who helped popularize the genre.
Fluorspar is the second most important mining commodity in Kenya after soda ash.
Flux emitted from a surface may be called radiant exitance or radiant emittance.
Flux is the fourth and final album by ethereal wave band Love Spirals Downwards.
Foch felt that the new border would prevent another German invasion into France.
Foerster was a leading industrialist and one of the richest foreigners in Japan.
Fogo sobre Terra is a Brazilian telenovela produced and broadcast by Rede Globo.
Follas won MasterChef by beating Andy Oliver and Chris Gates in the grand final.
Follitropin is possibly associated with increased risk of endometrial carcinoma.
Following a private education he obtained employment at a calico printing works.
Following her graduation she moved to New York City to begin a career in acting.
Following his cricket career he became a prominent educator and teachers leader.
Following his retirement as a player Smith joined the Hartlepool coaching staff.
Following the vote the Liberal candidates accused Mellors of splitting the vote.
Following the war the vessel was laid up until reacquired during the Korean War.
Folyet is also the name for the geographic township that contains the community.
Fomentinvest is a Portuguese investment holding company headquartered in Lisbon.
Fonni is a winter sports center with a ski lift to Monte Spada and Bruncu Spina.
Food particles become trapped when filtered through and are eventually ingested.
Football Federation of Iran was awarded as the Best Football Federation in Asia.
For a complete list of results in these tournaments see the LPGA majors article.
For Action is to empower consumers by giving them a voice larger than their own.
For Airbus and Fokker aircraft the technique is known as flex temp or just flex.
For an extensive system of drainage there were ditches and trenches constructed.
For Another World is a collection of fourteen short stories by Ottessa Moshfegh.
For a number of years he worked for the Rank Organization in various capacities.
For a time it was the only standing army maintained by English Crown in Ireland.
Forbes is signed to More Media for music videos and The Joneses for commercials.
For businesses organic growth typically excludes the impact of foreign exchange.
Force Five was an American adaptation of five different anime television series.
Forces of the Ottoman Empire invaded and laid siege to the city and its citadel.
For classification of keys according to their usage see cryptographic key types.
For Denti he was awarded the Quality prize from the Italian Minister of Culture.
For eating it must be collected young and it may be tough and need long cooking.
Forever Now is the third studio album by English rock band the Psychedelic Furs.
For every channel and every nickname there are related in and out files created.
For example fluorine is required for the formation of bones and enamel on teeth.
For examples of his work visit the web site of the National Geographic Magazine.
For forty years he was the only Dutch male swimmer to have won an Olympic medal.
For geothermal energy Turkey is ranked first in Europe and seventh in the world.
For her classic dishes she uses as much as possible locally sourced ingredients.
For her performance Ida Di Benedetto was awarded Silver Ribbon for best actress.
For Lokomotiv it was their only third Cup Final and the only loss at this stage.
For many years it has been known that bones are innervated with sensory neurons.
For many years it was believed to be designed by the canal engineer John Rennie.
For many years the ticket office acted as a Post Office for the local community.
Former Altar Games works now as a Brno subsidiary of Bohemia Interactive Studio.
Former Assembly member Tama Posimani was elected Speaker by an identical margin.
Former directors of the Center include William Ferris and Charles Reagan Wilson.
Former DTM racer Volker Strycek is managing director of Opel Performance Center.
Former executive producer Alexa Junge quit as showrunner after the first season.
Formerly Didong used as tools by Islamic preacher to spreading Islamic teaching.
Former pit worker cottages still remain along Willenhall Lane and St James Lane.
Former president Sali Berisha became prime minister as a result of the election.
Former Texas Tech Red Raiders baseball coach Larry Hays attended school in Dora.
Former United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld was the grand marshal.
Former vocalist Michael Olivieri had decided to strictly focus on a solo career.
Form liners are the liners used in the preparation of designs on concrete walls.
For older or historical observances in Korea see traditional festivals of Korea.
For public transport people are totally dependent upon overloaded sharing Autos.
Forrest was a drama and film studies student when she gained the role of Leanne.
For The Clowns is the fifth studio album from British rock band Nine Black Alps.
For the first time the president of Region was elected directly by the citizens.
For this film Jublin was nominated for David di Donatello for Best New Director.
For this film Maya Sansa won the David di Donatello for Best Supporting Actress.
For this film Monicelli was awarded with a David di Donatello for Best Director.
For this reason he is referred to throughout the play as the "Foundling Father."
For this reason one might arguably call the New Israelites a Millennarian group.
For this reason these insects are commonly referred to as armored scale insects.
Fortress in the Sky is a combat flight simulator video game for the Nintendo DS.
Fort Ternan is located at the western border of the former Rift Valley Province.
Fort was adept at alternating horrific highlights with bits of unexpected humor.
Forty villages in the Borota area have been attacked and abandoned by civilians.
For vulnerability in general and other types of vulnerability see vulnerability.
Forwarders contract with a carrier or often multiple carriers to move the goods.
Fossil evidence tells us that it was home to many dinosaurs and archaic mammals.
Fossils of it have been found in U.S. states such as Florida and South Carolina.
Foster Creek is a stream in Cape Girardeau County in the U.S. state of Missouri.
Foster signed a contract with the Indianapolis Colts as an undrafted free agent.
Foulk Fjord is a fjord in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.
FOUP is an acronym for Front Opening Unified Pod or Front Opening Universal Pod.
Four heads of the RAAF have gone on to attain the position of CDF or equivalent.
Fourie claims it is unlikely to kill but would "definitely blind" the assailant.
Four Nights with the Duke is a historical romance novel written by Eloisa James.
Four of five band members attended the State University of New York at Purchase.
Four of the twelve clubs currently in the Aviva Premiership have London origins.
Four years later she moved to New Zealand and joined the New Zealand News group.
Foutz remained with the group for six weeks before being replaced by Dusty Bill.
Fox News also hosts a website with a number of political columnists and weblogs.
Fragmented is the debut album from the Filipino independent band Up dharma Down.
Frain is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Frame synchronization must be achieved before a data stream can be decommutated.
France negotiated to keep the small but rich sugar island of Guadeloupe instead.
Francisco Taboada y Gil was a Spanish military leader during the Peninsular War.
Francis John Plowden is a former member of the Judicial Appointments Commission.
Frank Jao is a prominent Vietnamese American businessman in Southern California.
Franklin Harbor Marine Park is a marine park in Spencer Gulf in South Australia.
Franworks Group is a Calgary based company which franchises restaurant concepts.
Fraser called it "a burlesque fantasy on every swashbuckler I ever read or saw."
Fraser Township is a civil township of Bay County in the U.S. state of Michigan.
Freakshow is the sixth studio album by Canadian country music artist Dean Brody.
Frederick S. Jones was the first physics teacher at the University of Minnesota.
Fred Gerber is an American film and television director and television producer.
Fred W. Farren was an English professional footballer who played as a left back.
Free and open source licenses also rely on copyright law to enforce their terms.
Free is the second studio album by Scottish alternative rock band Twin Atlantic.
Free speech lawyer Marc Randazza represented the site and appealed the decision.
FreeUndelete has been successfully used to recover digital photos from SD cards.
French musician Didier Malherbe adopted the title of this piece as his nickname.
Freshwater fish are physiologically differ from marine and brackish water forms.
Freundlich is a lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon.
Friends and neighbors believed that this was due to the influence of the undead.
Frith claimed that Amherst had sent "supernatural agents" to whisper in his ear.
From a young age he created art that expressed the social reality of his people.
From the context it is clear that "being in ealuscerwen" is an unpleasant state.
Frontier is a solo dance choreographed by Martha Graham to music by Louis Horst.
Frontman David Longstreth states that he liked the way the words sound together.
Front Page Challenge was a Canadian panel game about current events and history.
Frost and Fire is the debut album by the American heavy metal band Cirith Ungol.
Frosterus inspired numerous Finnish artists with his art theories and criticism.
FRS is Professor of Ultrafast Physics and Technology at Imperial College London.
Fruit syrups or fruit molasses are concentrated fruit juices used as sweeteners.
Fryslie was a farmer and served in local government and in the Republican Party.
Fuchsia Dunlop is an English writer and cook who specializes in Chinese cuisine.
Fuente Fuente OpusX is the premier cigar line in the Arturo Fuente Cigar family.
Fulchiero named the boat after Argia the water nymph of the Tiber River in Rome.
Full name of the company is Aska Ukrainian Insurance Closed Joint Stock Company.
Full of Stars Tour was a concert tour by American recording artist Cyndi Lauper.
Fulton Creek Is a minor tributary which flows into the North Saskatchewan River.
Funding has been made available to support The Messengers of Peace Support Fund.
Fungi is the name given to the local musical form of the British Virgin Islands.
Funmi is a Nigerian feminine given name meaning "for me" or "give me" in Yoruba.
Furniture can be a product of design and is considered a form of decorative art.
Further conversion to fermentable sugars is achieved during the mashing process.
Further officials can be authorized depending on the level and form of the game.
Further possible electoral law violations were alleged as the evidence unfolded.
Further research is necessary to determine the correct taxonomic classification.
Further seats are reserved for female members who are selected by their parties.
Further songwriting credits go to guitarist Robin Boult and bassist David Paton.
Fushengzhuang railway station is a station of Jingbao Railway in Inner Mongolia.
Fushi Kandu is the channel between Faafu Atoll and Dhaalu Atoll of the Maldives.
Future major leaguers Norm Cash and Gaylord Perry also played on Kokernot Field.
Future U.S. President Gerald R. Ford served aboard the ship during World War II.
Gabon is a one party dominant state with the Gabonese Democratic Party in power.
Gabriel Flambert is a Haitian footballer who currently plays for SC Pfullendorf.
Gabriel was disliked by a number of his subjects for his Eastern Orthodox faith.
Gadegudur is a village in Kadapa district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Gaga performed "Dance in the Dark" as the opening song of The Monster Ball Tour.
Gaius Sempronius Tuditanus was a politician and historian of the Roman Republic.
Gaius Ummidius Actius Anicetus was a Roman pantomime actor who lived in Pompeii.
Galium tinctorium is a reclining herb with whorls of narrowly lanceolate leaves.
Gallagher started his career as presenter and sports reporter on BBC Radio Kent.
Galopin is a French automotive engineer who currently works for Pescarolo Sport.
Game coverage is usually preceded by the pregame show Football Night in America.
Gameplay involves navigating through a series of floors with several rooms each.
Games using the Apshai engine were collectively known as the Dunjonquest series.
Gammelsdorf is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany.
Ganderbal is a newly formed district of the state of Jammu and Kashmir of India.
Ganesh Karnik was the Member of Legislative Council at the Karnataka Government.
Gangotri Kujur is an Indian politician and member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
Ganpat Gaikwad is an Indian politician and member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
Garcia used various female vocalists to provide the vocal element to his output.
Garfield is a New Jersey Transit train station served by the Bergen County Line.
Garnet Mimms and the Enchanters recorded it for the United Artists record label.
Garpons were usually regarded as localized ministers to maintain district order.
Garrett State Forest is a located in the state of Maryland northwest of Oakland.
Garrison Architects has a deep history of shaping public space in New York City.
Gary Cooper appears in a small role which helped launch his career in Hollywood.
Gary Corbett was previously a touring keyboard player for Kiss and Paul Stanley.
Gasen is a municipality in the district of Weiz in the Austrian state of Styria.
Gas vesicles are components of the gas vacuole in certain prokaryotic organisms.
GCI has supported field projects around the world to preserve cultural heritage.
Gear shaping is a machining process for creating teeth on a gear using a cutter.
Geiselman starred in the Luke Bryan music video for the single "Roller Coaster".
Geisler is an AB Communication Arts graduate from the University of Santo Tomas.
Generally accepted accounting practice is a statutory term in the UK Taxes Acts.
Generally students are asked to perform this with holding their ears with hands.
Generally they are the local borough or district council or a unitary authority.
Generally this data distribution is in the form of a hub and spoke architecture.
Generally this discipline focuses on the human face for identification purposes.
General Viejo is a small town located in the South Pacific Region of Costa Rica.
Generations Lost is a cinematic platform action video game similar to Flashback.
Genetic studies to confirm or refute these hypotheses have not been carried out.
Genova has written fiction about characters dealing with neurological disorders.
GeoAPI is free software providing a set of Java interfaces for GIS applications.
Geoff Hunt won his second title defeating Mo Yasin in the final with a walkover.
Geoplaninae is a subfamily of land planarians endemic to the Neotropical region.
George Dewey Oxner was an associate justice of the South Carolina Supreme Court.
George is best known for his role as Manolis in the comedy series Acropolis Now.
George IV of the United Kingdom has been depicted many times in popular culture.
Georgenberg is a municipality in the district of Neustadt in Bavaria in Germany.
George R. Strathy is a Canadian jurist and the current Chief Justice of Ontario.
George S. Barrett is an American business executive in the health care industry.
George Seagar was a New Zealand rugby league player who represented his country.
George Stephenson was a Confederate Marine who served in the American Civil War.
Geoservices is an upstream oilfield services subsidiary of Schlumberger Limited.
Geotope is the geological component of the abiotic matrix present in an ecotope.
GERA Europe is the European wing of the Global Entertainment Retail Association.
Germanic mythology consists of the body of myths native to the Germanic peoples.
German Markus Zoecke won the singles final against compatriot Hendrik Dreekmann.
German Medical Online is a portal for the worldwide presence of German medicine.
German mysticism can also be viewed as a practical application of Scholasticism.
GetYourGuide is a website where tourists can search and book travel experiences.
Getz now serves at the Director of Player Development for the Chicago White Sox.
Gex is a comic book created by Rob Liefeld and published through Awesome Comics.
Ghats in Varanasi are riverfront steps leading to the banks of the River Ganges.
Ghent is centrally located in the county and is northeast of the city of Hudson.
Ghosi railway station and Kopaganj railway station are located near the village.
Ghost on Air stars a good friend of his Dennis Zhou Chong Qing as the lead role.
Ghosts often appear in the narrative as sentinels or prophets of things to come.
Giannitsa Province was one of the three provinces of Pella Prefecture of Greece.
Gibson defeated Democratic candidate Berthold C. Coburn in the general election.
Gibson Ek is a choice high school that places emphasis on real world experience.
Gibson Township is a civil township of Bay County in the U.S. state of Michigan.
"Gift" was used as the second ending song for the Clamp School Detectives anime.
Gillis worked with the International Committee of the Red Cross to produce a CD.
Gill pind is a large village in Ludhiana district in the Indian state of Punjab.
Gingerich was among the experts who analyzed the skeleton of Darwinius masillae.
Giotto was a European robotic spacecraft mission from the European Space Agency.
Giovanni Battista Fiorini was an Italian painter of the late Renaissance period.
Girl at Her Volcano is an EP and the third release by musician Rickie Lee Jones.
Girl Guides and Girl Scouts from other countries were invited to attend as well.
Girls with Guns is the debut solo album from Styx guitarist/vocalist Tommy Shaw.
Glacial till is still widely known in Britain by the older name of boulder clay.
Glantz has had success at the World Series of Poker and other poker tournaments.
Glaser was also a writer on the Comedy Central sketch series Inside Amy Schumer.
Glasgow is a city in Chariton and Howard counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.
Glawe started his career as a police officer with the Houston Police Department.
Glebe Creek derives its name from the glebe which owned it in Colonial Maryland.
Glendale is located on the southern shore of Lake Winnipesaukee east of Laconia.
Glen Head is a station along the Oyster Bay Branch of the Long Island Rail Road.
Glenkeen is a townland in the civil parish of the same name in County Tipperary.
Glenn Heights is a city in Dallas and Ellis counties in the U.S. state of Texas.
Glissade was a roller coaster located at Busch Gardens Williamsburg in Virginia.
Gloria Jean Epstein is a supernumerary judge of the Court of Appeal for Ontario.
Glory Days is a compilation album by Gympie metalcore band The Amity Affliction.
Glossop High School is a public high school in the Riverland of South Australia.
Glossosoma is a genus of little black caddisflies in the family Glossosomatidae.
Glucarpidase is an enzyme that inactivates methotrexate rapidly after injection.
Gluta rugulosa is a tree of Borneo in the cashew and sumac family Anacardiaceae.
Gluta sabahana is a tree of Borneo in the cashew and sumac family Anacardiaceae.
Glycosmis longisepala is a tree of Borneo in the rue and citrus family Rutaceae.
Glyn Ceiriog is a local government community in Wrexham County Borough in Wales.
Glyn Jones is a former Welsh professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Glyptothorax is a genus of catfishes order Siluriformes of the family Sisoridae.
G. Narsimha Reddy is an Indian politician and was Member of Parliament of India.
Gnetucleistol E is a stibenoid found in the Chinese herb Gnetum cleistostachyum.
Gnommish is the "fairy language" used in the Artemis Fowl series by Eoin Colfer.
GNU unshar scans a set of mail messages looking for the start of shell archives.
Gobardhana is a village in West Champaran district in the Indian state of Bihar.
God turned her into an immortal demoness who kills the children of Adam and Eve.
Golden Gate Ferry connects the City and County of San Francisco to Marin County.
Golden Glades provides intercity bus service via Greyhound Lines at the station.
Golden is the fifth studio album by American Country music trio Lady Antebellum.
Golden Lippens mango is a named mango cultivar that originated in south Florida.
Golden Retrievers may have a higher rate of glaucoma associated with iris cysts.
Gold Hill is accessible from nearby Left Hand Canyon Road via Lick Skillet Road.
Goldie is a fictional character in The Sandman comic book series by Neil Gaiman.
Golding decided to take refuge with her neighbor but the disturbances continued.
Golding was elected mayor with a majority of the votes in the November election.
GoldStar also produced some models of computer monitors and optical disk drives.
Goldthwait grew up in New Jersey and obtained a degree in nursing in California.
Gollings is best known for his time with the England national rugby sevens team.
Gomes served as the face of the Estee Lauder/Sean John fragrance "Unforgivable".
Gondtherium is a genus of extinct mammaliaform from the Kota Formation in India.
Gonville and Caius College is to the north and the Senate House is to the south.
Good Dog U is an American television program about training and caring for dogs.
Goodenia stobbsiana is a shrub that is native to the north of Western Australia.
Good Samaritan Evangelical Lutheran Church is a Christian denomination in India.
Google Brain is a deep learning artificial intelligence research team at Google.
Google Maps extends the district further east of Spadina Avenue to Peter Street.
Google recently made many years of Life magazine available through Google Books.
Goo is the sixth studio album by the American alternative rock band Sonic Youth.
Goose Cove East is a town in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador.
Gopavaram is a village in Kadapa district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Gore Township is a civil township of Huron County in the U.S. state of Michigan.
Gorilla City is a city appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
Go Round is the third studio album by the latin hip hop group Delinquent Habits.
GotoBLAS was developed by Kazushige Goto at the Texas Advanced Computing Center.
Gotthard is a Swiss hard rock band founded in Lugano by Steve Lee and Leo Leoni.
Gottipadu is a village in Guntur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Gould Island Light was a lighthouse located on Gould Island in Narragansett Bay.
Goumotsios made three appearances for FC Brussels in the Belgian First Division.
Government agencies suffering regulatory capture are called "captured agencies".
Government House is the official residence of the Lieutenant Governor of Jersey.
Government is formed by the leader best able to command a majority in the House.
Govindgarh is a census town in Jaipur district in the Indian state of Rajasthan.
Grabowo is a part and historical municipal neighborhood of the City of Szczecin.
Graduates earn a standard NIS diploma or an International Baccalaureate diploma.
Graduates of the college will receive the Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine degree.
Graeme Thomson is the series producer and Jane Aldous is the executive producer.
Graffiti and stencil art is popular and encouraged by some business in the area.
Graflex was a manufacturer that gave its brand name to several models of camera.
Grafton was connected with Catholic worship in the County after the Reformation.
Graham Avenue is a station on the BMT Canarsie Line of the New York City Subway.
Graham County is also home to the Arizona Salsa Trail and the annual Salsa Fest.
Graham plays a woman who learns she has only one month left to conceive a child.
Grain farming and cattle ranching are the major economic activities of the area.
Grain storage on a subsistence farm is primarily based on minimizing grain loss.
Grammatostomias is a genus of barbeled dragonfishes found in the Atlantic Ocean.
GRAMMY nominated and has received three commissions from New York Carnegie Hall.
Gran Chaco is a province in the eastern parts of the Bolivian department Tarija.
Grandin was the birthplace of the abstract expressionist painter Clyfford Still.
Grand is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Grand Le Pierre is a town in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador.
Grandview High School has since relocated to a newer facility three blocks away.
Grantiopsis is a genus of calcareous sponges belonging to the family Grantiidae.
Grapeshot and round shot were some of the early projectiles used in smoothbores.
Grasses are one of the most abundant floras on all continents except Antarctica.
Gravedigger is a codename used by two fictional soldiers published by DC Comics.
Graves Received and honorary Doctor of Divinity from Olivet Nazarene University.
Graveyard Classics is a cover album by American death metal band Six Feet Under.
Gravity Crash is a multidirectional shooter released on the PlayStation Network.
Gray has also been a coach for the Springboks and the Scotland rugby union team.
Grazielia is a genus of South American flowering plants in the sunflower family.
Great Britain in the Bronze Age also saw the widespread adoption of agriculture.
Great British Circus Ltd was a company that specialized in circus entertainment.
Great Brook is a tributary of the Passaic River in the U.S. state of New Jersey.
Greater Community Bancorp was a bank primarily operating in northern New Jersey.
Greatest Hits is a compilation album by American recording artist Dan Fogelberg.
Greatest Hitz is the second compilation album by American rock band Limp Bizkit.
Great Lakes sailors refer to passing through this gap as "threading the needle."
Great lengths were taken to make a detailed replica of the borough of Manhattan.
Great Massingham is a village and civil parish in the English county of Norfolk.
Greece has submitted films for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
Greece is represented in international play by the Greek National Baseball Team.
Greenlandic Danes are residents of Denmark who are of Greenlandic Inuit descent.
Greenrigg was once a thriving mining village and produced large amounts of coal.
Greenspun lives with wife Rosesara and their two sons and daughter in Riverdale.
Greenvale is a station along the Oyster Bay Branch of the Long Island Rail Road.
Green was recently hired to be the running backs coach at Brownwood High School.
Greer worked as a lobbyist in Tallahassee for the restaurant and hotel industry.
Greg Stickel is currently the principal at West Muskingum Middle School in Ohio.
Greux is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Grevillea beadleana is a shrub which is endemic to New South Wales in Australia.
Grevillea humilis is a shrub of the family Proteaceae native to New South Wales.
Grevillea steiglitziana occurs in dry sclerophyll forest in the Brisbane Ranges.
Greyhound Courier Express is a Canadian courier company run by Greyhound Canada.
Gridwars was also announced in selected forums and through personal invitations.
Grievance can be submitted to all important portfolio ministers and Departments.
Grievances is the fourth studio album by English experimental band Rolo Tomassi.
Griffin stated that she decided to release this CD to try to win a Grammy award.
Groff Conklin called Future History "the greatest of all histories of tomorrow".
Grohl described the project as "a love letter to the history of American music".
Groove Games was a Canadian developer and publisher of computer and video games.
Gross Barmen is a historic settlement and a recreational spa in central Namibia.
Groundshare is the principle of sharing a stadium between two local sport teams.
Group Sex is the debut studio album by American hardcore punk band Circle Jerks.
Growing grapes in Louisiana is challenging which has hindered its wine industry.
Growth and drug susceptibility testing are done by injecting into animal models.
Grundy and other DIY hosts then renovate a cabin with the most popular features.
GST is free software released under the terms of the GNU General Public License.
Guam is a federal territory ultimately under the complete authority of Congress.
Gudalur is a municipal town in Theni district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Gudalur taluk is a taluk of Nilgiris district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Gudapadu is a village in Krishna district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Gudluru is a village in Prakasam district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Guerault was a former European Boxing Union flyweight and bantamweight champion.
Guest musician Joni Mitchell contributes vocals on the title track "Blue River".
Guest musicians appearing on the album include Klave y Kongo and Rusty McCarthy.
Guhagar taluka is a taluka in Ratnagiri district of Maharashtra an Indian state.
Guitarist Barney Miller went on to a solo career as The Legendary Barney Miller.
Gulab Devi Chest Hospital is attached to it as a training and teaching hospital.
Gurich is the third woman in state history to be appointed to the Supreme Court.
Guru Kalyan is an Indian Film music composer who primarily works in Tamil films.
Guthigaru or Guthigar is a village at Sullia taluk of Dakshina Kannada district.
Guttahalli is a small village in the Kolar district of Karnataka state in India.
Gymnothorax prismodon is a moray eel found in the eastern central Pacific Ocean.
Hachez is a chocolate manufacturing company based in Bremen in northern Germany.
Hackney Marshes contain the largest concentration of football pitches in Europe.
Hacksaw Ridge ultimately became the highest grossing imported war film in China.
Hacky sack games are similar to earlier Asian shuttlecock sports such as jianzi.
Hadewijch was one of the most important direct influences on John of Ruysbroeck.
Hadol is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Hadrucalcin is a peptide toxin from the venom of the scorpion Hadrurus gertschi.
Haenamichnus is an ichnogenus that has been attributed to azhdarchid pterosaurs.
Hafftka is an American figurative expressionist painter living in New York City.
Hafiz is an active member of Nepali Congress who has good relation with Leaders.
Hague is growing due to its relatively low cost of living compared to Saskatoon.
Haines made the hire of Rashan Hall to become the Cougars first ever head coach.
Hair diseases are disorders primarily associated with the follicles of the hair.
Hakim Adi is a British historian and scholar who specializes in African affairs.
Hal Blackwell is a financial analyst and author of the book Secrets of the Skim.
Halcyon Digest is the fifth studio album by American indie rock band Deerhunter.
Hale State Forest is a Connecticut state forest located in the town of Coventry.
Halida Dinova is happily married and divides her time between the US and Russia.
Hall is a graduate of the University of Missouri where he majored in journalism.
Haloplanus salinarum is a halophilic Archaeon in the family of Halobacteriaceae.
Halsey Street is a station on the BMT Canarsie Line of the New York City Subway.
Hamilton Hyde Kellogg was the Fifth Bishop of Minnesota in The Episcopal Church.
Hamilton is partially sighted and boarded at Exhall Grange School near Coventry.
Hamilton mobilized urban elites who favored his financial and economic policies.
Hamilton said it "combined Southern Gothic with a biopic of jazzman Chet Baker".
Hampikian was inducted as a Charter Fellow of the National Academy of Inventors.
Hampshire win the championship and Kent dominated the limited overs tournaments.
Hamptoniella is a genus of sponges known from the Middle Cambrian Burgess Shale.
Handful of Soul is the eighteenth studio album by American musician James Brown.
Hand Lake was so named on account of its outline being shaped like a human hand.
Hannah Nichols is a fictional character from the ABC soap opera All My Children.
Hannah Stevens is an American competitive swimmer who specializes in backstroke.
Hans Christian Gerlach is professor of Modern History at the University of Bern.
Happiness Is is the sixth studio album by American rock band Taking Back Sunday.
Happy Valley Park is a public park in Coulsdon in the London Borough of Croydon.
Haquira District is one of the six districts of the Cotabambas Province in Peru.
Hardikar was an Indian actor known for his roles in the Marathi language movies.
Harditerha is a village in West Champaran district in the Indian state of Bihar.
Hard Reyne is the second solo album by Australian singer/songwriter James Reyne.
Harinagar panchayat is the border of Darbhanga district and Samastipur district.
Harlan is a distant relative of U.S. Supreme Court Justice John Marshall Harlan.
Harmon was the only statewide candidate on the Republican side to run unopposed.
Harnessed the Storm is a studio album by American electronic music duo Drexciya.
Haroldiataenius is a genus of aphodiine dung beetles in the family Scarabaeidae.
Harol is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Harrington is on the Cumbrian coast south of Workington and north of Whitehaven.
Harris Academy Greenwich offers GCSEs and BTECs as programs of study for pupils.
Harris acknowledged the assistance she received from anthropologist Wilson Duff.
Harrison was a resident of Greymouth and was the editor of the Gray River Argus.
Hartnett also won two Munster medals and four county senior championship medals.
Harvard College is the undergraduate liberal arts college of Harvard University.
Harvey is currently serving as an assistant coach at the Essendon Football Club.
Haryono Road to Cawang and meet the junction with Major Jendral Panjaitan Road .
Havells India Ltd is one of the largest electrical equipment companies in India.
Haven served at the City of New London for six years as Alderman and Councilman.
Having previously raced in the Thailand Super Series and the VLN amongst others.
Havioyak is a first cousin with former Northwest Territories MLA Kane Tologanak.
Hayko Cepkin narrates every episode and every episode the cast and plot changes.
Haymarket Media Group is a privately held media company headquartered in London.
Hayward traffic cases are now handled at the Fremont Hall of Justice in Fremont.
Haywire is the fourth studio album by American country music singer Josh Turner.
Hazel and Peter eventually go to a sex therapist to overcome their difficulties.
HDC is therefore the primary source of histamine in most mammals and eukaryotes.
He accepts to separate from his lover for one year to test their love endurance.
He acquired national prominence as an exceptional hockey player in the Midlands.
He added two more nuclear reactors to the San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station.
Healing can be lengthy given the amount of tissue the jewelry must pass through.
He also appears in many of the continuing sequel Oz novels also written by Baum.
He also became something of a cult icon as his films developed a cult following.
He also began to develop his engineering skills producing mixes for James Brown.
He also briefly attended Pinner Sixth Form College Pinner County Grammar School.
He also coached U.S. Lecce for six games before being replaced by Alberto Bigon.
He also competed in the season finale at Auto Club Speedway and finished eighth.
He also created comic art for George Lucas such as Clone Wars and Indiana Jones.
He also depicted how the young black children dealt with racism and stereotypes.
He also directed several episodes for shows such as Hell on Wheels and Billions.
He also earned a second M.A. degree in history from the University of Minnesota.
He also found that the country with the most accounting manipulation was Greece.
He also generally favors stronger domestic security over civil liberty concerns.
He also had a small role in the film East is East as well as Bhaji on the Beach.
He also had spells in the Welsh Premier League for both Rhyl and The New Saints.
He also helped restore mosaics in the apse of Basilica of San Giovanni Laterano.
He also helped to complete the Christianization of Finland started by St. Henry.
He also holds a Bachelor of Education from the WA College of Advanced Education.
He also holds an honorary doctorate from the University of Massachusetts Lowell.
He also holds an MFA degree from the University of North Carolina at Greensboro.
He also holds a record for playing "blind simultaneous" games of Italian drafts.
He also holds French nationality and spent most of his career in Western Europe.
He also holds Swedish citizenship and has represented the Swedish national team.
He also holds the record for most goals in a season and most points in a season.
He also is well known for being the German voice of American actor Richard Gere.
He also moved for the revival of the Patriarchal Theological School at Balamand.
He also occasionally commentates on Premier League matches for Match of the Day.
He also painted a series of medallions with the portraits of saints an prophets.
He also performed at The Winnipeg Comedy Festival Comedy Gala taped for the CBC.
He also placed in the Paterson Stakes and came third in the Sam F. Davis Stakes.
He also played bass for a period of time for The Real Mckenzies and Mad Caddies.
He also played briefly in the American Hockey League for the Pittsburgh Hornets.
He also played First Base in the motion picture Lock Up with Sylvester Stallone.
He also played for the London Monarchs in the World League of American Football.
He also played for the member of the Canadian national and Olympic soccer teams.
He also played in the California Angels and Philadelphia Phillies organizations.
He also played in the USL Premier Development League for Boulder Rapids Reserve.
He also played in the World Hockey Association with the Alberta/Edmonton Oilers.
He also played one season and part of another in Japan with the Yakult Swallows.
He also played one season for the Providence Reds in the American Hockey League.
He also played on the Nationwide Tour that year and won the Nike Texarkana Open.
He also played with the Tenaga Nasional Berhad HC in the Malaysia Hockey League.
He also pledged to increase government services to remote areas of the province.
He also portrayed the supporting role of Shanmugum in the miniseries Better Man.
He also produced fashion photography for the fetish clothing company Diana Slip.
He also published on the state of Native American education with Walter Mondale.
He also published several field guides to birds with his son Robert C. Stebbins.
He also reprised the role of Roger Rabbit in the Roger Rabbit theatrical shorts.
He also runs a disk golf business and enjoys teaching and mentoring new players.
He also sang in the group that performed the theme song of the TV series Batman.
He also sang the popular song "Girls in Cars" for the WWF Tag Team Strike Force.
He also served as a Commissioner of the New Mexico Public Regulation Commission.
He also served as a guest editor of International Journal of Rotating Machinery.
He also served as an agricultural policy adviser to U.S. Senator Harris Wofford.
He also served as assessor and a member of Town of Gratiot board of supervisors.
He also served as Confederate States Army officer during the American Civil War.
He also served as members of the Chamber of Deputies during the LXI Legislature.
He also served as presidential spokesman for President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono.
He also served as president of the Canadian Society for the History of Medicine.
He also served as president of the Nigerian Association of Mathematical Physics.
He also served as secretary for the Wisconsin Fellowship of Poets for six years.
He also served as the bullpen coach and first base coach for the Boston Red Sox.
He also served as the Executive Director of the Nova Scotia Liberal Association.
He also served twice as a bishop and as a member of the Young Men General Board.
He also serves on the Administration and Regulation Appropriations Subcommittee.
He also serves on the Advisory Board of the Kyriakou family owned Antenna Group.
He also serves on the editorial boards of Cultural Studies and Lateral journals.
He also studied at The American Institute at Fontainebleau with Nadia Boulanger.
He also studied at the Art Students League of New York and Moore College of Art.
He also taught comedian Jack Benny to play the violin poorly for comedic effect.
He also teaches courses in operations management and operations strategy at NYU.
He also was a member of the Ohio Glory in the World League of American Football.
He also was one of the main designers of the Lisa and Macintosh user interfaces.
He also was the soloist in the music ensemble of the famous Jef Gilson in Paris.
He also wears an amulet around his neck which looks like a compass of some sort.
He also won a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor for his role in Sherlock Holmes.
He also worked in painting the vault of the Albertoni Chapel in the same church.
He also writes for a number of other real estate focused magazines and websites.
He also writes the monthly column Horror of Babylon for This Is Horror magazine.
He also wrote a commentary on the book of Colossians titled Oneness with Christ.
He also wrote entries on video games for Encarta and the Encyclopedia Americana.
Healthcare real estate is a niche market within the larger real estate industry.
HealthWise Wales is a project surrounding the health of the population of Wales.
Healthy Ride is a public bicycle sharing system that serves parts of Pittsburgh.
He and his family lived on the land in Anaheim where Disneyland was to be built.
He and his family moved to Saipan where he removed himself from the public view.
He and his wife Patricia occupied the South Yarra home with their two daughters.
He announced his intention to retire from public service at the end of his term.
He announced plans to make a third historical film but then fell out with Gavin.
He appeared in a Japanese film Ping Pong as one of the contestants in the movie.
He appeared in different works including Fengshen Yanyi and Journey to the West.
He appeared in the third tier of football in Italy for San Marino and Viareggio.
He appeared on The Oprah Winfrey Show in an episode dedicated to Freedom Riders.
He argued that poets should use metrical verse more often in their compositions.
Heartbeats and Brainwaves is the eighth album by Detroit rock band Electric Six.
He ascended to the throne after a short regency of Queen Mother Tibati Nkambule.
Heather Garcia is the Associate Superintendent of School Leadership and Support.
Heathfield is a township in the Adelaide Hills of South Australia near Stirling.
Heath McCoy previously hosted the series but left when its new season premiered.
Heating is usually done by placing its metal container in a bucket of hot water.
"Heat map" is a newer term but shading matrices have existed for over a century.
He attempted to win his fourth consecutive Sir Barton Stakes but finished sixth.
He attended a local elementary school before moving up to the Mother Ana Lyceum.
He attended Boston University and California Western School of Law in San Diego.
He attended Carleton College and Columbia University Law School and is a lawyer.
He attended Colgate University and was a member of the Beta Theta Pi fraternity.
He attended Morningside College and received a law degree from Drake University.
He attended the Fiji School of Medicine and the Otago University Medical School.
He attended the Leeds College of Art before pursuing painting as his profession.
He attended the University of Tennessee before developing an interest in acting.
He attended Weber State University and the University of Utah and was a rancher.
Heavy disturbance in this highly populated area is a threat to the sacred grove.
Heavy rain at that debut counted against him but he scored points at Snetterton.
He batted once in this format and was dismissed for a duck in this only innings.
He became Deputy Governor due to the influence of Vice President Atiku Abubakar.
He became famous for creating the unique Coney Island style of carousel carving.
He became mayor of Northampton and later an MP for the Northampton constituency.
He became member of technical staff at its Information Sciences Research Center.
He became the first SNCC field secretary and SNCC director of southwest Georgia.
He began his career as a baritone in the opera chorus of the Vienna State Opera.
He began his career as a film critic for Time Out and the Monthly Film Bulletin.
He began his career at his hometown club Blackburn Rovers in the Premier League.
He began his career playing for Haywards Heath RFC before becoming professional.
He began playing for KalPa after previously spending time in their junior teams.
He began playing the piano at the age of three and the guitar a few years later.
He began playing with the Redland Australian Football Club after being delisted.
He began searching for people from all around the world with incredible talents.
He believed that it was too immodest for women and that it was a duty for males.
He believes that the site was used to perform rites for the ceremonial calendar.
He belonged to the same Espoo Blues junior ice hockey program as Mikko Koskinen.
He belongs to the Dalit community and was appointed as cabinet minister in Capt.
Hebertshausen is a municipality in the district of Dachau in Bavaria in Germany.
He built Chirton Hall there with materials from the demolished Warkworth Castle.
He captained the Duquesne Grays in the Mexican War during the Siege of Veracruz.
Hecistopteris is a fern genus in the Vittarioideae subfamily of the Pteridaceae.
He coached collegiate teams included the Stanford Cardinal and the Oregon Ducks.
He coached Sunshine in the Victorian Football Association after leaving Fitzroy.
He collaborated with many other musicians and songwriters throughout his career.
He competed for the Philippines national football team at the Far Eastern Games.
He competed in his first two Formula BMW seasons under a Spanish racing license.
He completed his secondary education in Salt and moved to Damascus to study law.
He concluded that it was infrasound and got to work preparing tests in the labs.
He continued to be a leading member of the Rwandan government for over a decade.
He continues to race and has a kennel near the entrance of Denali National Park.
He continues to remain in prison on other charges including murder and sedition.
He continues to reproduce CDs and do interviews for fanzines and radio stations.
He continues to tour with FireHouse and works as a producer and mixing engineer.
He conveys the message and Iseult and Tristan spend the night in a wooden cabin.
He created some of the sculptures for the oratory of Saint Catherine in Urbania.
He created the Danny Grossman Dance Company which produced his political dances.
He created the scientific school of precise vibromechanics and vibroengineering.
He creates contemporary and traditional designs using tussar silk as his canvas.
He currently coaches the Fujian Sturgeons in the Chinese Basketball Association.
He currently coaches the wide receivers for the NC State Wolfpack football team.
He currently formerly played for the Premier Soccer League club Orlando Pirates.
He currently fronts the live coverage on Super Sunday and Monday Night Football.
He currently has DJ compilations available on Burger Records and Norton Records.
He currently heads the Moise A. Khayrallah Center for Lebanese Diaspora Studies.
He currently holds the A. R. Lang Emeritus Professorship at Stanford University.
He currently holds the most wins in program history in both singles and doubles.
He currently is a Physical Education teacher at Marlboro Memorial Middle School.
He currently is Course Director of the Chinese Stream at the University of Bath.
He currently performs as part of The Witchies with Nadia Moss and Jonah Fortune.
He currently plays as a center back in the Jupiler Pro League for Zulte Waregem.
He currently plays for Chittagong Abahani in Bangladesh Football Premier League.
He currently plays for the Blues in Super Rugby and North Harbor in the ITM Cup.
He currently plays for the Brantford Red Sox in the Intercounty Baseball League.
He currently plays for the Point Chevalier Pirates in the Auckland Rugby League.
He currently presents Wheeler Dealers on the Discovery Channel with Ant Anstead.
He currently races in the World Touring Car Championship with Lada Sport Lukoil.
He currently resides in Seattle as a studio drummer and private drum instructor.
He currently serves as Director of Player Development for the Detroit Red Wings.
He currently works for ESPN as a color commentator for college basketball games.
He currently works for PACE and Hopscotch Theater Company as a Musical Director.
He debuted in television in Godhuli Logne and debuted in films in Jiboner Golpo.
He defeated Byron Black in the first round and then met third seed Pete Sampras.
He defeated the Muslim forces and plundered the wealth of the Gujarat Sultanate.
He defied the odds to beat top drivers such as Bertie Fisher and Austin MacHale.
He designed a series of pure action games using black and white vector graphics.
He designed elements of World of Warcraft and is the lead designer on Overwatch.
He died while he was leading the last batch of refugees to safety from war zone.
He directed a production of Romeo and Juliet for ReACTion Theater in Eastbourne.
He does not allow humans to do certain works outside the house during the night.
He earned the nickname from his ability to hook his opponents with safety plays.
He emigrated to Australia and was noted for his contributions to marine biology.
He entered the St. Petersburg School of Law and received a college degree there.
He eventually reformed and became one of the staunchest supporters of Daredevil.
He extended his personal jumping flight interests into mathematics and aviation.
He faced Republican John Dendahl in the general election and won by a landslide.
He finally played his first One Day International against England at Jamshedpur.
He first enrolled at Snow College before transferring to the University of Utah.
He focuses on matters of foreign policy and the Armed forces of the Netherlands.
He formed the original band and began its chaotic songwriting method of jamming.
He fought a total of four times for the World Extreme Cagefighting organization.
He founded the Dix Hills Performing Arts Center which is located at the college.
He frequently draws and paints African wildlife using his unique gestural style.
He frequently performs and freestyles at various events in and around New Delhi.
He frequently presents on German family history topics at genealogy conferences.
He gained first team experience with loan spells at Exeter City and Bournemouth.
Hegg has also collaborated on The Handsome Prince with illustrator Kevin Cannon.
He gives a theory of how people come into commonwealths and come to elect kings.
He got arrested for this and was sent to the concentration camp near Amersfoort.
He graduated from the Art Center College of Design and now lives in Los Angeles.
He graduated from University College Cork with a degree in Irish and in English.
He grew up in Cambridgeshire and studied Social History at Cambridge University.
He grew up in Lienz and Kirchberg in Tirol and is currently living in Innsbruck.
He had a dispensation for his election to the bishopric due to his illegitimacy.
He had a large following that was lead from a group of guys out of Swanton Ohio.
He had developed the LB medium to optimize Shigella growth and plaque formation.
He had gotten news that some tribes were amassing an army on march from Bahrain.
He had his education at National High School and graduated from Central College.
He had previously been Prior of Breamore before his elevation to the Episcopate.
He had previously been the Secretary of the Punjab State Committee of the party.
He had trained as a lawyer and later on as a barrister form Grays Inn in London.
He hails from Ganeboku Village in the Talasea area of West New Britain Province.
He has a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree from the California Institute of the Arts.
He has a buzz cut haircut which many students at Redfield College disapprove of.
He has also acted in several Malayalam and Kannada Films and a few Telugu Films.
He has also appeared in films such as God Bless America and Monsters University.
He has also authored a number of novels and short stories for the Black Library.
He has also been able to speak to young people in Africa on different platforms.
He has also been a branch president at the Guatemala Missionary Training Center.
He has also been a member of the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Kansas City Chiefs.
He has also been a member of Vigilantes of Love and worked with Michelle Malone.
He has also been inducted into the Hall of Fame for his success as a head coach.
He has also created a series of humorous business gag panels titled "Fishstiks."
He has also launched his own new Singing YouTube channel called Voice Coutures .
He has also opened several temples and charitable organizations in Tiruchengode.
He has also played for Tampines Rovers FC and the Young Lions during his career.
He has also played for the Indian Premier League franchise team Kings XI Punjab.
He has also served as a juror for a Springville Art Museum teen art competition.
He has also served as editor of several journals in anthropology and archeology.
He has also served as the governor of Uttarakhand and governor of Uttar Pradesh.
He has also served on the faculty of the Business School at Stanford University.
He has also taken the role of chair of Swimming Uk to carry on his sport career.
He has also taught at Yale Law School and Northwestern University School of Law.
He has also won two Grammy Awards and a Latin Grammy Award as a record producer.
He has also worked as a copywriter and as a columnist for the Helsingin Sanomat.
He has also worked as a goalkeeping coach for Heart of Midlothian and Hibernian.
He has also worked with author Peter David on The Incredible Hulk and Supergirl.
He has an Indian classical background and sings in the traditional Indian style.
He has a popular comedic blog made up mostly of photographs with witty captions.
He has appeared in many TV shows and films in a career that has spanned decades.
He has a press cards in the Association of Correspondents of the United Nations.
He has a recording arrangement with an indie music label named Partisan Records.
He has attempted to qualifying for the Champions Tour but has been unsuccessful.
He has been active both at the state level and national level politics in India.
He has been appointed chairman of the board for the Art and Culture of Trujillo.
He has been a radio presenter both in Britain and America for over thirty years.
He has been credited with starting the first winery in Canada since Prohibition.
He has been described as "the poster child for the modern male underwear model".
He has been frequently asked for comments on labor issues by the national press.
He has been general editor of the Horror Classics series for Dover Publications.
He has been honored for his work on the instruction and safety of glider pilots.
He has been mentioned as the chief financial backer of the Islamic Courts Union.
He has been nominated for two Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.
He has been sponsored throughout his career by the Angolan oil company Sonangol.
He has championed Microsoft Trustworthy Computing and digital rights management.
He has collaborated frequently with directors Darren Aronofsky and Wes Anderson.
He has competed at meets on the IAAF Golden League and IAAF Grand Prix circuits.
He has composed and given background scores for numerous Telugu and Hindi films.
He has composed and performed music for dance performances and film soundtracks.
He has composed the music for a number of films by his wife director Liz Canner.
He has debated Christian apologist William Lane Craig over the existence of God.
He has directed more than a dozen films and is well known for his family themes.
He has even been referenced in several books such as the Lorien Legacies series.
He has exhibited in the Whitney Museum Annual and the American Artists Congress.
He has faced controversy over what his critics say are his industry connections.
He has held consultancy assignments in the field of human rights and governance.
He has made collaboration albums with artists including Layzie Bone and Bad Azz.
He has made significant contributions to formal methods for program correctness.
He has not written any commercial software since starting in the antiques trade.
He has of course an Italian distant relative because Taranto is an Apulian city.
He has organized many symposia for drama and poetry and has directed many plays.
He has penned numerous Billboard chart songs including several for Garth Brooks.
He has presented numerous television and YouTube series through NBCSN and DRIVE.
He has previously played college football for the Hawaii Warriors football team.
He has published booklet versions of lectures on Islam and comparative religion.
He has published extensively on the causes and consequences of human aggression.
He has published his poetry collection namely Taja Kalam Ma Ae J Ke and Sajanva.
He has published journal articles about aphid life cycles and forest entomology.
He has published numerous articles in law journals and has taught in law school.
He has received numerous Emmy Award nominations and Humanitas Award nominations.
He has received the Dr Nathan Davis Award from the American Medical Association.
He has received the French award of Chevalier in the Order of the Academic Palm.
He has recorded albums of works by both composers for the Newport Classic label.
He has released nine albums and composed music for the play The Beat Generation.
He has represented India in several world cups and Asian shooting championships.
He has represented New Zealand in all three formats of the game internationally.
He has said he chose the name "Taurean" because his astrological sign is Taurus.
He has served as consultant to businesses and governments in the USA and Canada.
He has served as musical director at the Academy Awards a record nineteen times.
He has served as Reeve of the RM of Mossey River and on council for two decades.
He has served as the Executive Secretary of the CBCI Commission for Health Care.
He has served as the speaker of the Assembly of the Republic of Northern Cyprus.
He has served three terms as the president of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences.
He has since become involved in managing and is currently manager of Greenlough.
He has since been featured as the main adversary in the series featuring Bishop.
He has since returned to Charlton as part of their work in the community scheme.
He has specialized in collecting and playing traditional songs from County Cork.
He has straddled the world of both feature and ad films in different capacities.
He has successfully continued to abstain from drinking for the last three years.
He has successfully shown the agony of migrants and their struggle for identity.
He has taught classes at all levels and in both the accounting and MBA programs.
He has won Golden Guitars for Producer of the Year and for Engineer of the Year.
He has won Tony Awards for his work on Parade and The Bridges of Madison County.
He has won two Chris Awards for Best North American Current Affairs Documentary.
He has worked both in the enterprise software area as well as consumer products.
He has worked briefly in the motion picture industry as a producer and director.
He has worked with Lou Reed and Alice Cooper and been often called "The Deacon".
He has work in more than thirty museums and public collections around the world.
He has written extensively about the American Mafia and criminal justice issues.
He held the responsibility of six portfolios in his first induction as Minister.
He helped Mark McGwire in his media strategy for his admission of steroid usage.
He himself played the central character in the film dedicated to young students.
He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in accounting from Golden Gate University.
He holds a degree from the Christian University of Indonesia School of Medicine.
He holds an Honors degree in Communications from the University of Johannesburg.
He hosted a bardic debate at Coldbrook House between Deulwyn and Bedo Brwynllys.
Heide Candy Company is a subsidiary of candy manufacturer Ferrara Candy Company.
He identified provision of power and improvements in security as primary issues.
Height restriction laws are laws that restrict the maximum height of structures.
He initially began his career as an assistant director to film director Dharani.
Heinrich Seelig is a German physical chemist and specialist in NMR Spectroscopy.
He instead made gradually reduced appearances in South African domestic cricket.
He introduced the bill which became the charter for the University of Wisconsin.
He invariably has a female companion who has changed over the years of his life.
Heir of Sea and Fire is a fantasy novel by American writer Patricia A. McKillip.
He is a bestselling author and a regular media commentator on investment issues.
He is able to play in a variety of positions and is considered a utility player.
He is a CGI character voiced and performed through motion capture by Alan Tudyk.
He is a contributor from the movement in transferring street art into galleries.
He is a Fellow and Aubrey Brain Professor of Horn at the Royal Academy of Music.
He is a follower of the nineteenth century spiritual teacher Shrimad Rajchandra.
He is a former editor of the scientific journal Rubber Chemistry and Technology.
He is a former head coach for the New England Revolution in Major League Soccer.
He is a former member and Chair of the Montgomery County Board of Commissioners.
He is a former member of Rajya Sabha and a leader of Rashtriya Lok Samata Party.
He is a former member of the first generation J Soul Brothers and Rather Unique.
He is a former member of the National Theater and the Royal Shakespeare Company.
He is a former president of The International Fellowship of Christian Magicians.
He is a former State Minister for Information Technology in the Ugandan Cabinet.
He is a former WBO Latino Minimumweight and WBC Latino Light Flyweight champion.
He is a founder of the television nostalgia websites Off the Telly and TV Cream.
He is a founding member of the hip hop groups CunninLynguists and Built to Fade.
He is a goalkeeper for the Seychelles national football team and St Roch United.
He is a graduate of Herndon High School and the University of Northern Colorado.
He is a leading authority on the biosynthesis of prostoglandins and eicosanoids.
He is a left defensive back and he is a product of the Hertha BSC youth academy.
He is alleged to have had a vision of Christ riding the chariot of the Cherubim.
He is also a committee member of the Society for the promotion of Roman Studies.
He is also a composer and has served as music supervisor for films and TV shows.
He is also a council member of the Institute of Laboratory Animals Research USA.
He is also a councilor for the Jerusalem municipality for the Yerushalmim party.
He is also active in the United States wing of the New Patriotic Party of Ghana.
He is also a former Chief Executive of the Ghana National Petroleum Corporation.
He is also a former panelist on Hockey Night in Canada and analyst on The Score.
He is also a graduate of the Australian Defense Force Command and Staff College.
He is also a judge of the Appeals Chamber of the Special Court for Sierra Leone.
He is also a liaison for Digital UK in the North and North East Scotland region.
He is also a member of Sarawak State Legislative assembly for Tebedu in Sarawak.
He is also a member of scientific advisory board to the Prime Minister of India.
He is also a member of the Board of Directors for the Marin Athletic Foundation.
He is also a member of The Broadway Kids and the Nautical Stars Theater Company.
He is also a MP for Chiradzulu East under a Democratic Progressive Party Ticket.
He is also an authorized company auditor in England and accountant in Australia.
He is also a Quaker author in the area of peace studies and conflict resolution.
He is also a special adviser on African Union matters to the President of Ghana.
He is also a volunteer chaplain with the Burnsville Minnesota Police Department.
He is also credited as founder of the now defunct Northwest Grand Opera Company.
He is also credited as writer on the Rush songs "Force Ten" and "Test for Echo".
He is also currently serving on the University of Texas System Board of Regents.
He is also Distinguished Fellow with the Center for Bioethics and Human Dignity.
He is also founder of the production companies Les Films du Village and Zaradoc.
He is also known for developing computer applications for music and composition.
He is also known for his research in plastic surgery and reconstructive surgery.
He is also known for his role as Huw in the cult fantasy series The Owl Service.
He is also known for providing character voices in the Transformers film series.
He is also known in his native Australia for his role as Diver Dan in SeaChange.
He is also leading the CMU team which is competing for the Google Lunar X Prize.
He is also life president and former chairman of Newcastle United Football Club.
He is also one of the managing director of the Malayalam newspaper Metrovaartha.
He is also Permanent Representative next the Headquarters of the United Nations.
He is also serving as committee chairman and member of the different committees.
He is also the author of several books on the history and technique of the horn.
He is also the author of the Malayalam language book Sacharinte Keralaparisaram.
He is also the Chairman of the Parliamentary standing committee on The Industry.
He is also the cousin of former footballer and current football scout Ben Manga.
He is also the creator of the Lights in Action student network of North America.
He is also the director of Abibigromma theater group of the university of Ghana.
He is also the director of Vitreoretinal Service at Labbafinejad Medical Center.
He is also the former deputy speaker of the House of Representatives of Nigeria.
He is also the founder and chief executive officer of Wadhwani Asset Management.
He is also the founder of the large collaborative music project Team Cybergeist.
He is also the last living American nose artist who painted during World War II.
He is also the Shadow Secretary of State for Justice and Shadow Lord Chancellor.
He is a member of Indian National Congress and represents Palakkad constituency.
He is a Member of Legislative Assembly from Honnali Taluk in Davangere District.
He is a Member of Legislative Assembly from Surajgarh constituency in Rajasthan.
He is a member of the Democratic Party and was the Attorney General of Delaware.
He is a member of the governing board of the Wider Association of Vedic Studies.
He is a member of the Republican Party and was a member of the Tea Party Caucus.
He is a member of the Romania Davis Cup Team and is coached by Fabrizio Fanucci.
He is a member representing Vadgam constituency in Gujarat Legislative Assembly.
He is an advocate and businessman by profession and entered into politics later.
He is an alternate captain for the Buffalo Sabers of the National Hockey League.
He is an alumnus of City College and the New York College of Podiatric Medicine.
He is an alumnus of the US Military Academy and Georgia Institute of Technology.
He is an assistant professor of surgery at Hofstra Northwell School of Medicine.
He is an officer of the Order of Canada and a member of the Hockey Hall of Fame.
He is an older brother of Wilfried Reybrouck and the cousin of Gustave Danneels.
He is a PhD research student at the University of London Institute of Education.
He is a product of a wood carving family and the Mua Mission KuNgoni Art Center.
He is a product of Pope John Senior High School and Minor Seminary in Koforidua.
He is a professional Lacrosse player and coach with the Hollywood Lacrosse Club.
He is a professor emeritus of applied mathematics at the University of Waterloo.
He is a professor in the Department of Mathematics at the University of Toronto.
He is a prolific speaker and takes a special interest in debating social issues.
He is a qualified Referee Instructor at the Solomon Islands Football Federation.
He is a recipient of SSI Lifetime Achievement Award of Systems Society of India.
He is a RINGS Holland veteran and has also fought for many other top promotions.
He is a Saracen knight who was baptized by Orlando and became his loving friend.
He is a Senior Fellow of the International League of Conservation Photographers.
He is a shareholder of Hargreaves Lansdown but no longer a director or employee.
He is a specialist in the field of artificial intelligence and machine learning.
He is a therapist in private practice and a frequent speaker and seminar leader.
He is a two time recipient of the best actor award at the Hong Kong Film Awards.
He is atypical of rock musicians in that he is overtly conservative politically.
He is a visiting instructor on entrepreneurship in Canadian University of Dubai.
He is a widely recognized expert in the fields of chromatin and gene expression.
He is a World Fantasy Award winner and served as editor of Weird Tales Magazine.
He is best known as a member of the psychedelic rock bands Tame Impala and Pond.
He is best known as the author of the books The Givers and The Cheating Culture.
He is best known as the drummer and backing vocalist for the rock band Coldplay.
He is best known as the former frontman of Norwegian black metal band Gorgoroth.
He is best known as the founder of the successful online travel agency Ebookers.
He is best known for being executive producer of the teen drama series Degrassi.
He is best known for coining the term metatheatre in his book of the same title.
He is best known for his books and articles on modern art history and criticism.
He is best known for his hits "Puerto Rico Ho" and "Shake Whatcha Mama Gave Ya."
He is best known for his role as Beric Dondarrion in HBO series Game of Thrones.
He is best known for his role as Bhishma in the mythological TV show Mahabharat.
He is best known for his role as Hector Avila on the hit Fox drama Prison Break.
He is best known for his role as James Nava in the NBC TV Series Shades of Blue.
He is best known for his role in the Australian television series Home and Away.
He is best known for his work documenting the human impact of nuclear disasters.
He is best known for leading a pirate settlement and trading post on Madagascar.
He is best known for playing the role of Enzo in the series The Vampire Diaries.
He is best known for voicing Nappa in the English Dub of the Dragon Ball series.
He is best known for working with Alison Krauss and Dolly Parton numerous times.
He is best known for writing and starring in the BBC comedy show Kelly Monteith.
He is best known for writing and starring in the comedy series Chandon Pictures.
He is better known for his works in maithili TV series S N Jha ke gajabe duniya.
He is billed as Pic Withers on his appearance on the second Brewers Droop album.
He is captured and has to explain circumstances which lead to awkward situation.
He is commemorated by the Dr. Donald Innis Memorial Annual Minority Scholarship.
He is commemorated in one of the stained glass windows of St Neot parish church.
He is considered a follower of Jheronimus Bosch but little is known of his life.
He is considered an influential player of the Fender Telecaster line of guitars.
He is considered one of the greatest music directors in Indian film music arena.
He is considered to be a strong conservative but has never held elective office.
He is credited as a key figure in the popularization of English rap in Tanzania.
He is credited with being the first pilot to fly a light plane around the world.
He is currently a Member of the European Parliament and the mayor of Farciennes.
He is currently an assistant coach for the Long Island Nets of the NBA G League.
He is currently an associate professor with tenure at The Ohio State University.
He is currently an Italian football correspondent for The Independent newspaper.
He is currently Assistant Head Coach at West Bromwich Albion under Darren Moore.
He is currently contracted to the Wellington based promotion Kiwi Pro Wrestling.
He is currently Director of Golf instruction and training at Omaha Country Club.
He is currently Managing Partner of the Muckleburgh Collection in North Norfolk.
He is currently playing as a striker for Sarawak in the Malaysia Premier League.
He is currently playing for the New Jersey Devils of the National Hockey League.
He is currently playing with Buran Voronezh of the Russian Higher Hockey League.
He is currently playing with the Fort Wayne Komets of the Central Hockey League.
He is currently producing the film Jarungandi under his production house Shvedh.
He is currently professor emeritus of sociology at Northern Illinois University.
He is currently Professor of Disaster Management at the University of Glamorgan.
He is currently registered to play for National League North side Curzon Ashton.
He is currently Senior Editor of Scrutton on Charterparties and Bills of Lading.
He is currently serving as a member of the Senate of Virginia from Harrisonburg.
He is currently serving as the Chief Operations Officer for the City of Detroit.
He is currently the Assistant General Manager for the Denver Nuggets of the NBA.
He is currently the Assistant Manager of Indian Super League side Chennaiyin FC.
He is currently the Chairman of the Board at Avia Solutions Group and ZIA Valda.
He is currently the Director of Human resources in Iranian National gas company.
He is currently the fast bowling coach for the Australian national cricket team.
He is currently the Florence Rogatz Visiting Lecturer in Law at Yale Law School.
He is currently the goaltending coach with the Muskegon Lumberjacks of the USHL.
He is currently the head coach of the Barrie Colts of the Ontario Hockey League.
He is currently the Majority Leader of the Connecticut House of Representatives.
He is currently the running backs coach for the Stanford Cardinal football team.
He is currently touring with the quintet and big band of trumpeter Roy Hargrove.
He is currently working on a music theater project in collaboration with Mediva.
He is currently working on a synthetic history of the World Health Organization.
He is current Minister for Cooperatives and Ladakh Affairs in Jammu and Kashmir.
He is Deputy Minority Leader of the Connecticut Senate for the Republican Party.
He is described as a strong and versatile player with good skills and endurance.
He is director of a number of biotechnology companies spinoff from his practice.
He is director of the Institute for Crop Science at the University of Hohenheim.
He is eligible to play for Montserrat because his father was born in Montserrat.
He is Emeritus Professor of Comparative Religion at Western Michigan University.
He is Emeritus Professor of Philosophy of Religion at University College Dublin.
He is employed by the consultancy firm Four Communications as Politics Director.
He is first mentioned in the famous Book of the Dead from Middle Kingdom period.
He is former a founder member and convenor of Pune District for Aam Aadmi Party.
He is frequently cited as one of the foremost scholars on Global Pentecostalism.
He is from Cochin and is an amazing noted singer in the Malayalam film industry.
He is generally recognized as the father of "Direct Response" radio advertising.
He is gifted at figuring out how to show others how to do much with very little.
He is held to be the pioneer to start health education and health care in Assam.
He is honored in Mexico as a martyr of the struggle for independence from Spain.
He is internationally known for his discoveries in genomics and cancer research.
He is known as Guilherme in Brazil and Gui Finkler in Australia and New Zealand.
He is known for a series of crime novels featuring the investigator Amos Walker.
He is known for a series of paintings documenting the South Wales coal industry.
He is known for family oriented movies with strong storyline and hummable music.
He is known for his bridal collections and his obsession for swarovski crystals.
He is known for his collaborations particularly with RAF Camora and rapper Gzuz.
He is known for his comedic films and was also a contestant in Bigg Boss Telugu.
He is known for his contributions to Jewish studies and the history of medicine.
He is known for his contributions to the protest and social movement literature.
He is known for his highly philosophical expressions in his artistic activities.
He is known for his research on the thermophysical properties of soft materials.
He is known for his stand up comedy and roles in Keanu and What Would Diplo Do?.
He is known for his work as a host on the Zoom TV Channel show Planet Bollywood.
He is known for his work as an investigative reporter and foreign correspondent.
He is known for his work in Impact Wrestling under the ring name Braxton Sutter.
He is known for the stories "The Ball Story" and "Birds of a Different Feather".
He is known for turning around struggling businesses and making them profitable.
He is known from several sources but mainly from his monumental mastaba at Giza.
He is known mainly for alto saxophone but he also performs on soprano and flute.
He is leader of the Cytogenetic Cancer Section at the Norwegian Radium Hospital.
He is listed in the Swan Districts Team of the Century as an interchange player.
He is little studied and has come only recently to the attention of art critics.
He is married to Esperanza and they have three children and three grandchildren.
He is married to former U.S. Department of Agriculture official Shirley Sherrod.
He is married to Robyn Norris Casady and is the father of Ford and Boone Casady.
He is married to the biographer Midge Gillies and they have a daughter together.
He is most known for playing Jared Banks on the ABC soap opera One Life to Live.
He is most recently known as the longtime pianist for Seattle restaurant Canlis.
He is notable for involvement in many legal cases reported in the British press.
He is noted for helping develop the style of music that came to be known as IDM.
He is now a Professor of Immunology and medical researcher at Oxford University.
He is now the forwards coach at Leicester where he spent the most of his career.
He is of Dutch descent and plays for the Netherlands national rugby league team.
He is often referred to in press reports as the leader of the Qatari opposition.
He is one of only nine regular characters to survive the entire run of the show.
He is one of only two men to ever finish Ian McCall in a professional MMA fight.
He is one of the founding fathers of the abortion and euthanasia law in Belgium.
He is one of the important poets and folklore artists Haryana had ever produced.
He is one of the key persons in the Bangsamoro Peace Process in the Philippines.
He is one of the more notable figures in the stoner rock and Palm Desert scenes.
He is one of the most prominent cartoonists in the Malayalam newspaper industry.
He is one of the pioneering figure in modernist movement of Persian calligraphy.
He is part of the select group of Major League Players to play at Wahconah Park.
He is perhaps best known as a writing and performing member of The State on MTV.
He is perhaps best remembered for his involvement in NCAA recruiting corruption.
He is philosophically and politically near to Bertrand Russell and Noam Chomsky.
He is praised especially for the vocalistic phrasing of his raga improvisations.
He is primarily known for his work on National television and the digital space.
He is Professor of Contemporary British History at the University of Birmingham.
He is recognized for the smallest human form ever created using nano technology.
He is regarded as a leading pioneer of the European Social Catholicism movement.
He is regarded as one of the minor poets of Polish late Renaissance and Baroque.
He is regarded by many as the founder of the Irish school of landscape painting.
He is remembered for having been the last player not to wear a Riddell facemask.
He is remembered for his intricately carved pulpits and altarpieces in the area.
He is son of the former Ajax and Swedish national team player Stefan Pettersson.
He is the assistant hitting coach for the Chicago Cubs of Major League Baseball.
He is the author of numerous books and the founder of the Escapism art movement.
He is the author of several notable books and is also a well known music critic.
He is the brother of Australian international rugby league captain Greg Veivers.
He is the brother of footballer Wang Gang who currently plays for Beijing Renhe.
He is the brother of former NHL player and Red Wings broadcaster Mickey Redmond.
He is the brother of former state Representative and state Senator Robert Boggs.
He is the brother of Pat Sanderson who also played rugby for Littleborough RUFC.
He is the brother of professional poker players Humberto Brenes and Alex Brenes.
He is the brother of Virginia Beach Sheriff and former State Senator Ken Stolle.
He is the coauthor of six research papers published in nuclear physics journals.
He is the cousin of former University of New Hampshire quarterback Ricky Santos.
He is the curator of the David H. Koch Hall of Human Origins at the Smithsonian.
He is the current Apostolic Nuncio to Uruguay and Titular Archbishop of Caudium.
He is the current CWL Heavyweight Champion in the Championship Wrestling League.
He is the current head coach of Philippines Football League club Meralco Manila.
He is the current Minister of State for Regional Affairs in the Ugandan Cabinet.
He is the current Minister of Transport and Roads in the Cabinet of South Sudan.
He is the current Vicar Apostolic in the Apostolic Vicariate of Southern Arabia.
He is the Director of the Smithsonian Center for Folklife and Cultural Heritage.
He is the editor of the encyclopedias Store norske leksikon and Oslo byleksikon.
He is the eighth and current bishop of Northern Indiana in The Episcopal Church.
He is the eldest son of Stephen Marley and grandson of reggae legend Bob Marley.
He is the father of former Australian professional tennis player Lleyton Hewitt.
He is the first bishop of the church who was actually born in the United States.
He is the first black African cricketer to make a Test century for South Africa.
He is the first cricketer to scored centuries in all three formats as a captain.
He is the first Cuban badminton player to win a medal in the Pan American Games.
He is the first Dane to get title of Mister World in the history of the pageant.
He is the first grassroots organizer to become speaker of the Connecticut House.
He is the former chairman and chief executive officer of BGC Partners in London.
He is the former chief of the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority Police.
He is the former lead guitarist and vocalist for the Canadian band The Moffatts.
He is the former owner of the Pittsburgh Penguins of the National Hockey League.
He is the former presiding judge of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court.
He is the former running backs coach for the University of Oregon football team.
He is the founder and director of design at Keith Williams Architects in London.
He is the founder and former CEO of the online accounting software company Xero.
He is the founder of one of the largest Deliverance Ministries in North America.
He is the founder of Southern Stisles Records and owner of Hood Critic Magazine.
He is the great grandson of radio personality Nat Hale and is a member of Mensa.
He is the last surviving script editor and writer from the William Hartnell era.
He is the main antagonist of the third season and is portrayed by David Thewlis.
He is the minister for the police and the former minister for interior of Ghana.
He is the most highly placed Australian to have worked at both GATT and the WTO.
He is the Motorsports Manager and development driver at Red Rooster Performance.
He is the older brother of Indianapolis Colts backup running back Daniel Herron.
He is the only Leitrim Player chosen on the Connacht GAA team of the millennium.
He is the only Swiss player to have made the final table of the WSOP main event.
He is the past National Committeeman from New Hampshire to the Republican Party.
He is the pastor of the Mind of Christ Christian Center in California and Abuja.
He is the patron of the parish churches of St Juliot and Lanteglos by Camelford.
He is the president of NCUP National Council of University Professors in the UK.
He is therefore notable for spending most of The Great War hiding in a wardrobe.
He is the second primate and archbishop of the Anglican Church in North America.
He is the sixth descendant of King Mgolombane Sandile who was the son of Ngqika.
He is the son of Aldo Bonetti who played for Brescia until the Second World War.
He is the son of British/Israel television director and producer Barry Langford.
He is the son of current Gibraltar Football Association president Desmond Reoch.
He is the son of former England cricketer and international umpire Peter Willey.
He is the son of former Luxembourg national football team player John Grettnich.
He is the son of Olympic slalom canoeist Jamie McEwan and artist Sandra Boynton.
He is the son of the novelist Charles Gaines and artist Patricia Ellison Gaines.
He is the South Sudanese Bishop Emeritus of the Episcopal Church of South Sudan.
He is the tenth umpire in history to serve as crew chief for three World Series.
He is the wicket keeper for the team Chennai Rhinos in Celebrity Cricket League.
He is the younger brother of Jack Buckner who was also an international athlete.
He is the younger brother of Jacksonville Jaguars defensive end Calais Campbell.
He is the younger brother of political strategist and TV commentator Bob Beckel.
He is the younger brother of Pro Football Hall of Fame running back Gale Sayers.
He is thought to have been one of the most accomplished accompanists of his day.
He is undertaking a PhD at the University of Canberra examining health advocacy.
He is widely considered to be one of the greatest Rotherham players of all time.
He joined a theater group in Cardiff after failing to establish his own company.
Helal graduated from the Faculty of Engineering at Cairo University with a B.Sc.
He lasted another year under the weak King Hildeprand the Useless until he died.
He last played for Angolan side ASA at the Angolan basketball league BAI Basket.
He last played in the Philippine Basketball Association for the Powerade Tigers.
He later appeared in the Ultimates and often appears in the same titles they do.
He later became a film journalist reviewing for the Daily Mirror for four years.
He later became an anchor for MSNBC and was later the White House correspondent.
He later became involved in government and held a number of important positions.
He later joined Royal Enfield but quit after two years to start his own venture.
He later opened a workshop dedicated to the production of precision instruments.
He later played for hometown club Northwich Victoria in the Conference National.
He later played in the NBA Development League and the British Basketball League.
He later served as an assistant coach at the collegiate and professional levels.
He later went on to direct films such as While the City Sleeps and Libeled Lady.
He learned this trade and then went to teaching school in the country districts.
He led the Buccaneers to their Super Bowl XXXVII title over the Oakland Raiders.
He led the development of the Amphibious Assault Vehicle Turret Trainer project.
He left his uncle Ali Abu Barka to submit to Menelik and ask clemency for Harar.
Helen Blaby is a radio host and reporter with the BBC and a newspaper columnist.
Helicobacter cellulitis is a cutaneous condition caused by Helicobacter cinaedi.
Helicoconchus is a microconchid genus that occurs in the Lower Permian of Texas.
Helios then recruited some local hard rock musicians and launched a solo career.
He lived in Japan for two years where he became fluent in the Japanese language.
He lived in Miami before relocating to Los Angeles to pursue a career in acting.
He lives and works in Brooklyn but splits his time between New York and Chicago.
He lives in Chester with his partner the dancer and choreographer Bettina Carpi.
He lives in Church Stretton and currently attends Shrewsbury Sixth Form College.
He lives in St. Albert with his wife Jana and their two children Halle and Raea.
He lives in the Fairmilehead area of Edinburgh and is married with one daughter.
He lives in the Netherlands and holds both Sierra Leonean and Dutch citizenship.
Helland is a member of the Board of Directors of the UCLA Center for Governance.
Hellburners have been described as an early form of weapons of mass destruction.
He made considerable progress in many central problems in representation theory.
He made his acting debut with the Bengali film Agnishapath a box office failure.
Hema Malini dance performance in the movie was claimed by some as the best ever.
He managed The North Devon Sheepdog Breeding and Training Center for five years.
Hemanta Mishra is an international advisor for the Humane Society International.
Hemant Lavekar is an Indian politician and member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
Hemiclusiosoma is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
Hemoglobin Constant Spring is renamed after Constant Spring district in Jamaica.
Hemoglobin subunit delta is a protein that in humans is encoded by the HBD gene.
He most recently played for the Hamilton Bulldogs of the American Hockey League.
He most recently played for the New Orleans VooDoo of the Arena Football League.
He most recently played in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga for the Hamburg Freezers.
He most recently played professionally for Irish provincial side Connacht Rugby.
He moved to New York City and began using Ayers professionally as his last name.
He must now undergo biomechanical tests to determine the validity of his action.
Hence at its brightest it is barely visible with the unaided eye in a rural sky.
Henderson told Harris of a confrontation she had had with local school trustees.
He noted that it is necessary for each wife to be accommodated in their own hut.
He now resides in the foothills of Colorado where he runs an Italian restaurant.
Henry Alley is an American author and educator known for gay themes in his work.
Henry Bakis is professor emeritus of geography at the University of Montpellier.
Henry House Hill is preserved as part of the Manassas National Battlefield Park.
Henry I. Stern is an American politician elected to the California State Senate.
Henry Parker was a British engineer in colonial Ceylon during the Victorian era.
Henry Pollack is emeritus professor of geophysics at the University of Michigan.
Henson began preproduction for the film but never moved forward with production.
He obtained a BJur from the University of the North and a LLB degree from Unisa.
He obtained a Ph.D. in Educational Technology from the Arizona State University.
He offers the other members a Jelly baby and the car ends up sinking underwater.
He officiated two matches including the final between Kuwait and Korea Republic.
He opposed efforts to have Arizona engage in enforcing federal immigration laws.
He ordered a slave to be crucified for killing a wild boar with a hunting spear.
Hepatolithiasis is the presence of gallstones in the biliary ducts of the liver.
He performed in a number of pubs in the East End of London throughout this time.
He pioneered the concept of directly connecting consumption and a related cause.
He pitched in Major League Baseball for the Texas Rangers and Oakland Athletics.
He played also for Maccabi Ironi Ashdod in the Israeli top division Liga Leumit.
He played as a forward for Clydesdale RFC and also represented Glasgow District.
He played as a middle linebacker for the University of North Carolina Tar Heels.
He played at the collegiate level with what are now the Marquette Golden Eagles.
He played a very important role in the Ecumenical Movement and the Church Union.
He played club rugby for Cardiff and Newport and county rugby for Monmouthshire.
He played college basketball for the Corning Community College and Indiana Tech.
He played college basketball for the University of Denver and Baylor University.
He played college basketball for the University of Minnesota and Colorado State.
He played college basketball for the University of North Carolina at Greensboro.
He played college basketball in the United States for Fairmont State University.
He played college football and college basketball for the University of Houston.
He played college football at both Columbia University and Princeton University.
He played college football at Eastern Washington after leaving the UCLA program.
He played college football at Hudson Valley Community College and West Virginia.
He played college football at New Mexico State where he was second team ALL WAC.
He played college football at U.S. International University and San Diego State.
He played college football at Western Michigan before transferring to Wisconsin.
He played college football for Butler Community College and Fresno City College.
He played college football for the Pittsburg State Gorillas of NCAA Division II.
He played college football under coach Bear Bryant at the University of Alabama.
He played during five seasons at the major league level for the Minnesota Twins.
He played during four seasons at the major league level for the Cincinnati Reds.
He played during one season at the major league level for the Baltimore Orioles.
He played during one season at the major league level for the Oakland Athletics.
He played during three seasons at the major league level for the Atlanta Braves.
He played either up forward or in defense but also spent some time as a ruckman.
He played five games and scored one goal for the Denmark national football team.
He played five seasons for the Bills and nine seasons for the Minnesota Vikings.
He played for Devonport Cricket Club in the Tasmanian Grade Cricket competition.
He played for Hibernian and Dundee and was player/manager of Queen of the South.
He played for North Sydney Bears and South Queensland Crushers in the Australia.
He played for the Browns for four seasons and the St. Louis Rams for one season.
He played for York City in the Football League and he later worked as a referee.
He played four games and scored one goal for the Denmark national football team.
He played four seasons for the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Jacksonville Jaguars.
He played his final show with the band at the CD release for You Are Underwater.
He played international matches for Mali along with his cousin Moussa Coulibaly.
He played in the Football League for Middlesbrough and Middlesbrough Ironopolis.
He played part of one season in Major League Baseball for the Oakland Athletics.
He played piano as a child and learned to play brass instruments in high school.
He played professionally for Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League.
He played professionally for the Chicago White Sox and the Arizona Diamondbacks.
He played professionally for the Indianapolis Colts and the Philadelphia Eagles.
He played the recurring character of Devon MacLeish in Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
He played the role of Kabir opposite Mahima Makwana in Sapne Suhane Ladakpan Ke.
He played two and half season at the major league level for the Minnesota Twins.
He played with the Victoria Aristocrats of the Pacific Coast Hockey Association.
He plays as a defender and has played for the Seychelles national football team.
He plays as a midfielder for Eastern Suburbs in the New Zealand Northern League.
He plays at center back and has obtained two caps for the Belgian national team.
He plays at center back for amateur club Haaglandia in the Dutch third division.
He plays for Finnish team Ilves of the Veikkausliiga and is captain of the team.
He plays for Kansas City Blues and the United States national rugby sevens team.
He plays for South Australia and the Melbourne Renegades in the Big Bash League.
He plays Gaelic football for his club Arles/Kilcruise and the Laois senior team.
He plays in the forwards for England Sevens and is a strong and powerful runner.
He pointed out that Golden State was repeatedly rebuilding without much success.
He practiced lipreading in absence of his hearing and was able to talk normally.
He predominantly plays as a central midfielder and at times play as a defensive.
He previously played for the Catalans Dragons club in the European Super League.
He previously played for the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim and Colorado Rockies.
He previously played for the Manly Warringah Sea Eagles and the Sydney Roosters.
He previously played for the North Queensland Cowboys and the Newcastle Knights.
He previously played for the St. George Illawarra Dragons and Newcastle Knights.
He previously played junior football in Calgary with the East End Golden Arrows.
He previously served as a political science professor at Wayne State University.
He previously served as provost and chief academic officer at Howard University.
He previously served as the bench coach for the Tampa Bay Rays and Chicago Cubs.
He previously served as the Director of Player Personnel for the Denver Nuggets.
He previously taught at the Moores School of Music at the University of Houston.
He previously taught at the University of Manchester and the University of York.
He probably was the son and successor to Senakhtenre Ahmose and Queen Tetisheri.
He published numerous papers on the diseases afflicting tobacco and other crops.
He purchased the building as the headquarters for Carrion Jewelry Manufacturing.
He put his third shot close at the last but missed the short putt and took five.
Heraclius was the son of Byzantine Emperor Constantine IV and Empress Anastasia.
Herald House also does business under the Independence Press publishing imprint.
He ran his business from a shop located at Temple Bar on Fleet Street in London.
Her approach to architecture is to build what is useful for the local community.
Her area of expertise is on polyomavirus pathogenesis of infections and disease.
Her artwork can be found in the Vatican Museum and numerous private collections.
Her artwork is also featured in private and public collections around the world.
Her artwork uses abstraction to create a personal response to the natural world.
Herbert L. "Bart" Porter was a campaign aide to U.S. President Richard M. Nixon.
Herbivorous snails are known to clump around where sufficient algae are present.
Her business career post hockey included various commercial and marketing roles.
Herds with a high health status are more at risk and outbreaks can be explosive.
Her earlier works use settings and characters drawn from Malaysia and Singapore.
He received a B.A. in mathematics from Yale and a Ph.D. in mathematics from MIT.
He received both his undergraduate and medical degrees from Columbia University.
He received his commission into the Air Defense Artillery branch that same year.
He received the Golden Glove award for best goalkeeper in the latter tournament.
He received the Kiss of Peace and bestowed on the pope gifts of gold and silver.
He received the Polish Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for Edi and Rose.
He recently played for the Jacksonville Jaguars of the National Football League.
Here every song is sung with the southern English accent that is natural to him.
He regularly blogs on Chomp.com and has also written guest blogs for TechCrunch.
Here I Am is a live album by Marvin Sapp as well as his fifth on Verity Records.
He released three albums on HighTone Records and is signed with Catfood Records.
He represented Caernarfon in the House of Commons and was also a court official.
He represented his country at two outdoor and two indoor European Championships.
He represented Scotland at amateur level and captained the team on one occasion.
He represented South Africa at international level before representing Zimbabwe.
He represents France in the Digital Champions group built by the European Union.
He represents the electoral district of Gander as a member of the Liberal Party.
He represents the Sakaldiha constituency in Chandauli district of Uttar Pradesh.
He resigned six months into his second term due to a conflict of interest issue.
He retired from Congress so he could serve as a Mormon missionary with his wife.
He retired from tournament golf after suffering from spondylitis for many years.
He returned from Boston at the end of June and rejoined the Clare hurling panel.
He returned in autumn to win the Champion Stakes over ten furlongs at Newmarket.
He revealed the first evidence of parental care at nesting sites for Allosaurus.
Her family lived in British Columbia and Nova Scotia before settling in Ontario.
Her favorite recurring dream as a child was one in which she lived in a library.
Hergensweiler is a municipality in the district of Lindau in Bavaria in Germany.
Her hypothetical donation to this fictional museum was a tank full of seahorses.
Her ideas include reportedly coming up with the "Tous teddy bear" during a trip.
Her illustrations are included in various academic books and scholarly articles.
Her investigations are going to be made as feature film named as Kuttrapayirchi.
Her knowledge of the Japanese language helped her win over the crowd and judges.
Her legal challenge to the validity of that Bill was unsuccessful in the Courts.
Herman "Jabbo" Andrews was an American baseball outfielder in the Negro Leagues.
Herman Wrangel was a Swedish soldier and politician of Baltic German extraction.
Her middle grade and young adult fiction is published by Henry Holt and Company.
Her music has at times been deemed nostalgic because of its Swing Revival style.
Her music has featured as the theme to BBC dramas Wallander and The Shadow Line.
Her music often includes a strong social consciousness and political statements.
He rose to prominence after winning the third season of the Airtel Super Singer.
He routinely participates in poetry reading events throughout the United States.
Her research interests include enzyme reaction mechanisms and enzyme inhibition.
Her scheduled live shows with Pigface were also affected by her school schedule.
Her second collection is Eliza and the Bear from which the band take their name.
Hershey also reformulated the chocolate bar to enhance the peanut butter flavor.
Her sister Ruth consequently did not attend the premiere and never saw the play.
Her speed and diminutive stature led to her being nicknamed "The Pocket Rocket".
Her Story is an interactive movie video game written and directed by Sam Barlow.
He runs the Center for Mental Health and Safety at the University of Manchester.
Her war techniques were outstanding and brought much honor to the Amazon empire.
Her "Weekly Jewish Wisdom" column has appeared regularly in The Washington Post.
Her work focuses on gender and body politics in and through comedic performance.
Her work has centered on auditory alarm implications throughout different areas.
Her work is in the Artwords and Bookworks collections at the University of Iowa.
Her work is owned by both corporate and private collectors throughout the world.
Her work is the basis of much of the work of Mexican chefs in the United States.
Her works follow the style of the popular court miniature painter Samuel Cooper.
Her writing is published in publications like The Washington Post and USA Today.
He said that any attempt to call out its teachings could lead to radicalisation.
He said that he wrote the song in protest at the commercialisation of Christmas.
He saved a tourist who was looking for a place to stay the night on his journey.
He scored a late equalizer in the drawn final against Dublin to secure a replay.
He sends a telegram to Grandma telling her that he was passing through her town.
He served as a balloon and airship rigger in the U. S. Navy during World War II.
He served as a minister in the governments of Peter Dowding and Carmen Lawrence.
He served as a priest in the Church of England and was Archdeacon of Nottingham.
He served as backup inside linebacker during most of his career with the Giants.
He served as Justice Minister in the administration of President Charles Taylor.
He served as Master of the Rolls and as Lord Chief Justice of England and Wales.
He served as Mayor of Colombo and Sri Lankan Ambassador to the Republic of Iran.
He served as Member of the National Assembly and held several ministerial posts.
He served as Minister of state for Floriculture in Vilasrao Deshmukh government.
He served as president of the North Crosby and Newboro Agricultural Association.
He served as the House minority whip and later as the assistant minority leader.
He served as the minister of foreign affairs under Prime Minister Hamadi Jebali.
He served in numerous roles including ambassador to North Korea and South Korea.
He served in the Eighth Army under Field Marshal Montgomery during World War II.
He served on the faculty at the University of Washington before moving to Davis.
He served three terms as a Republican member of the Virginia House of Delegates.
He serves as the chairman and chief executive officer of Archer Daniels Midland.
He serves on the Executive Committee of the Air Force Scientific Advisory Board.
He showed that HeLa cells had contaminated many cell lines thought to be unique.
He since gone on to become a professional coach at club and international level.
He specializes in agricultural economics and is an expert on Dr. B. R. Ambedkar.
He specializes in producing reference books on antique swords and edged weapons.
He specializes in the history of the Middle East and Arab relations and studies.
He specializes in the study of financial theory within the history of economics.
He spent four years at Boston before finishing his career at Kidsgrove Athletic.
He spent most of his career on the labels Definitive Jux and Eastern Conference.
He spent nine seasons in the Bundesliga with FC Bayern Munich and VfB Stuttgart.
He spent the majority of his career playing in Germany for Star Bulls Rosenheim.
He spent two days out in the open and both his legs were amputated at the thigh.
He spent two seasons in the Bundesliga with FC Energie Cottbus and FC St. Pauli.
He spent two years on their list but did not get a senior game and was delisted.
He starred as a defensive back for the Toronto Argonauts and Montreal Alouettes.
He starred as Elam Ferguson on the AMC western television series Hell on Wheels.
He started his Bollywood career as an Assistant Writer working for Anees Bazmee.
He started his career in motorcycle racing with a burning passion for the sport.
He started his drawing career with underground publications during World War II.
He starts living in an illusionary world realizing its all happening in reality.
He still collaborates with their singer Paul Miller in cult act the Miller Test.
He still resides in Los Angeles and can be found on Myspace as well as Facebook.
He strangled her with a handkerchief while their young son witnessed the murder.
He studied architecture and industrial design at Delft University of Technology.
He studied at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and at the New York University.
He studied at the University of Cincinnati and the General Theological Seminary.
He studied at the University of Havana receiving the degree of Bachelor of Laws.
He studied at York University in Toronto and Berklee College of Music in Boston.
He studied in Cambridge where he graduated in natural sciences and anthropology.
He studied in the seminaries of Allameh Tabatabai and Grand Ayatollah Borujerdi.
He studied medicine and is now employed as a medical doctor in Sotiria Hospital.
He subsequently became attorney general at the Supreme Court of the Netherlands.
He subsequently had two top twenty hit singles and a top twenty album in the UK.
He subsequently joined the Austin office of the law firm Bracewell and Giuliani.
He subsequently received a Ph.D from Georgia Tech in Human Computer Interaction.
He succeeded Ooni Adelekan Olubuse I and was succeeded by Ooni Ademiluyi Ajagun.
He taught history at Portland High School and served as a Peace Corps volunteer.
He taught history in the Northern Territory and Japan and now lives in Canberra.
He teaches American Sign Language and enjoys fixing up houses in his spare time.
He teaches a range of courses including figure illustration and commercial arts.
He tempts people to steal and is in charge of a good relationship among thieves.
He then dedicated himself to converting the people in this area to Christianity.
He then finished sixth at the World Athletics Final and fourth at the World Cup.
He then got the invitation to join The Avengers and moved down to San Francisco.
He then "had to tear up almost everything and rebuilt the story" around the two.
He then joined Derbyshire and played in the club and ground and second XI teams.
He then joined the Adelaide Advertiser in various reporting and editorial roles.
He then joined the United States Army and gained more amateur boxing experience.
He then made his Craftsman Truck Series debut in a Roush Racing Ford at Phoenix.
He then moved to Barrow and later to Hucknall Town where he scored on his debut.
He then played for the Padres for two seasons before joining the Montreal Expos.
He then returned to travel up the Gambia River to a slave pen at Jang Jang Bure.
He then served as the Marlins minor league hitting coordinator for nine seasons.
He then served for six years as an active duty member of the United States Navy.
He then spent the next season at Alfreton Town where he was also top goalscorer.
He then traveled extensively before settling down to work as a theatrical agent.
He thereafter retained his stance that politics should not interfere with sport.
He took part in the Finnish Civil War on the White side as a military physician.
He toured worldwide with many acts including Tower of Power and Wynton Marsalis.
He trained as a psychologist and focused on the impacts of religious experience.
He turned down football scholarships to run track at the University of Oklahoma.
He used his GI Bill to go to schools in the US as well as the Sorbonne in Paris.
He used his influence with the railroad to have a depot located at the townsite.
He used his position to feed information to the West German Gehlen Organization.
He used to be a professor of Political Science at the Free University in Berlin.
He used to be the head baseball coach at the University of Texas at San Antonio.
He uses his skills as a hacker to expose the corruption and save his girlfriend.
He wanted GIS Day to be a grassroots effort and open to everyone to participate.
He was a bright student who consistently performed well in academics and sports.
He was a collegiate and professional tennis player prior to his business career.
He was added as a member because of the failing health of Ron "Pigpen" McKernan.
He was a Democratic Party member of the Michigan State House of Representatives.
He was a former representative of Galle District in the Parliament of Sri Lanka.
He was a founding member of the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission.
He was a Harvard University graduate and a member of the New York Athletic Club.
He was allegedly burnt alive by an oil adulteration mafia at Manmad near Nashik.
He was also a main character in the cast of the comedy Second Generation Wayans.
He was also a member of one of the first sessions of the California Legislature.
He was also a member of the Berlin Thunder and Amsterdam Admirals of NFL Europe.
He was also a member of the Ottawa Rough Riders of the Canadian Football League.
He was also a member of the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League.
He was also a member of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and New York/New Jersey Hitmen.
He was also a member of the Washington Redskins of the National Football League.
He was also an active promoter of credit unions over large banks in this period.
He was also an executive director of the Lagos Chamber of Commerce and Industry.
He was also an owner of the Montreal Canadiens and Montreal Royals sports teams.
He was also a prominent guard and kicker for the Princeton Tigers football team.
He was also a senior fellow at the International Assessment and Strategy Center.
He was also Assistant Lecturer at the Sano Thimi Campus of Tribhuvan University.
He was also capped thirteen times for the Springboks and scored four test tries.
He was also commentator for the DirecTV NASCAR Hot Pass during Sprint Cup races.
He was also eliminated in the first round of the mixed doubles with Lisa McShea.
He was also father of Kadarji Rao Scindia and grandfather of Daulat Rao Scindia.
He was also given responsibility of being guardian minister of Solapur district.
He was also head coach of the Grand Rapids Rampage and Oklahoma City Yard Dawgz.
He was also one of the first instructors for the Guitar Institute of Technology.
He was also part of the South Korean team that finished fifth in the team event.
He was also prominent in boxing circles and was an official at many tournaments.
He was also the Assistant Attorney General of North Carolina during this period.
He was also the bass guitarist in the supergroup Tomahawk featuring Mike Patton.
He was also the chairman and chief executive officer of World Book Encyclopedia.
He was also the international good will ambassador for the Peninsula Banjo Band.
He was also the leader of the South Sulawesi branch of the Darul Islam movement.
He was also very close to Rabbi Moshe Shmuel Shapiro and Rabbi Shmuel Berenbaum.
He was also VP of Technology Operations for the open source company Puppet Labs.
He was a member of the Accademia dei Lincei and an associate of Galileo Galilei.
He was a member of the Council of Representatives of Iraq from Baghdad Province.
He was a member of the Gil Evans band and worked with fellow member Miles Davis.
He was a member of the rap collective W.L.A.K. and High Society with Sho Baraka.
He was a music producer as a member of The Orb and founding member of Prayerbox.
He was an ardent Congressman and was affiliated to the Indian National Congress.
He was an extremely promising young politician and a popular trade union leader.
He was a power forward and played collegiately at the Morehead State University.
He was a powerful military commander during the President Najibullah government.
He was appointed Deputy Minister of Energy under the John Mahama administration.
He was appointed Knight Commander of the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic.
He was appointed second in command of the newly formed Tripoli Military Council.
He was appointed to succeed the retiring Archbishop Leonardo Legaspi of Caceres.
He was appointed to the high court of Delaware by Governor Pierre S. du Pont IV.
He was a professor of botany and phytopathology at the Escola agricola da Baia..
He was a Puisne Justice and acting Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Ceylon.
He was arrested during the persecutions conducted under Emperor Marcus Aurelius.
He was a senior dual player for both his club St Vincents and his county Dublin.
He was a shoemaker for a while before joining the gold rush in British Columbia.
He was associate professor in modern literature at York College of Pennsylvania.
He was a successful hockey player in his early years representing Southern Zone.
He was a teammate of future fellow PGA Tour players Joe Inman and Lanny Wadkins.
He was a television presenter and stage actor in Sydney before moving to London.
He was a two time Pro Bowl selection at middle linebacker for the Detroit Lions.
He was Australian champion in both the bantamweight and featherweight divisions.
He was author of A Manual of Mineralogy which set a benchmark within this field.
He was a visiting professor of biomedical informatics at Harvard Medical School.
He was a wrestler by profession and served in the court of Challapalli Zamindar.
He was born and still lives in Wexford and most of his writings are based there.
He was born in Bunbury to waterside worker John Douglas Wenn and Phillis Gilder.
He was born in Cuba and moved to Los Angeles with his family at the age of four.
He was born in Goguryeo and spent most of his life in Sui Dynasty for preaching.
He was born in Joypurhat and his childhood time passed mostly in old town dhaka.
He was born in Montreal and he studied Psychology at the University of Victoria.
He was born in South Africa with his mother Slamet and father Sir Slam the Lion.
He was born into an aristocratic family in Florence and was schooled in Pistoia.
He was born with a spinal cord transection that left him unable to use his legs.
He was buried at Saint Mercurius Church in Coptic Cairo beside Simon the Tanner.
He was buried in Hereford Cathedral where a memorial to his memory still stands.
He was chief clerk in the office of Ohio Secretary of State William Henry Smith.
He was chosen the second best adolescent actor of the decade in the middle east.
He was consequently attacked by Marianus in concert with William II of Cagliari.
He was considered an example of a righteous man who is not suspected of any sin.
He was considered a prodigy and was the first of a new generation of Slopestyle.
He was considered for a seat at the U.S. Court of Appeals of the Sixth District.
He was considered to be one of the foremost moving target shooters in the world.
He was contracted to St. Helens and played for Leigh Centurions in Super League.
He was converted to a defender having played as a striker in his earlier career.
He was created by series creator Joe Weisberg and is portrayed by Noah Emmerich.
He was deeply involved in the conflict between the Austrian and Turkish empires.
He was director and professor of forensic medicine at Kozhikode Medical College.
He was drawn distinctly to basketball where he played on the B and later A team.
He was educated at a preparatory school in Derbyshire and then at Repton School.
He was educated at Buckhurst Hill County High School and the University of Hull.
He was educated at the Royal College Colombo and at the University of Cambridge.
He was educated at the University of Sussex and obtained his PhD from Cambridge.
He was educated at Winchester College and the universities of Oxford and London.
He was educated locally before later working as a farmer and lime kiln operator.
He was elected an MP and became Minister of Information and Minister of Culture.
He was elected as leader of the alliance following resignation of Manohar Joshi.
He was executive producer of a documentary on Texan songwriter Townes Van Zandt.
He was first elected without opposition to an open seat vacated by Dirk Deville.
He was followed by Geraint Lewis and the role is currently held by Ann Atkinson.
He was followed by Jamie Whincup who had an even closer encounter with the wall.
He was for many years the head of the French Belgian television film department.
He was formerly the lead vocalist for the bands Blessthefall and The Word Alive.
He was formerly the Motorola Regents Chair at the University of Texas at Austin.
He was found dead in his bed at the Zenobia building after a bout of tonsilitis.
He was held in extrajudicial detention in American custody for almost six years.
He was hired as the post production coordinator for three seasons of the series.
He was inducted into the New Zealand Trotting Hall of Fame with other immortals.
He was inducted posthumously into the Kingston and District Sports Hall of Fame.
He was initially introduced by Lee Harris who had also booked him for the event.
He was instrumental in adopting rules to reduce the number of fights in the OHL.
He was involved in surveying the borders between Queensland and South Australia.
He was joined on the Tipperary team for much of his career by his brother Bobby.
He was killed in battle and Louis ordered celebrations to be made for his death.
He was killed on the first day of the Battle of Bannockburn by Robert the Bruce.
He was known for his ability to manage colleagues and maintain party discipline.
He was known for his support of representative democracy and his populist style.
He was later employed as a consultant for office of the Prime Minister of Samoa.
He was later reintroduced to the African wild by conservationist George Adamson.
He was librarian in charge of the newspaper room at the New York Public Library.
He was mainly active in Genoa as a painter of religious and historical canvases.
He was mainly a midfielder but could play anywhere on the left and right flanks.
He was Member of Parliament for Leicester and served as a Lord of the Admiralty.
He was murdered by strangulation during his third and final exile in Cappadocia.
He was musical director for the string and choir sections and performed as well.
He was named in the All Time best Eleven Indian Team by footballer and coach PK.
He was named Northeast Conference Player of the Week three times as a sophomore.
He was named the Most Dangerous Streetball Player in the World by SLAM magazine.
He was one of the central figures in the LAPD Rampart police corruption scandal.
He was one of the doctors who attended to the victim in the Aruna Shanbaug case.
He was one of the founding members of the pioneering Greenlandic rock band Sume.
He was one of the most highly recruited high school quarterbacks in the country.
He was one of the most important members of the Maldives national football team.
He was originally appointed police chief by Detroit emergency manager Kevyn Orr.
He was owned by Paul Smith and trained during his racing career by Roger Varian.
He was part of the staff that won Super Bowl XLVI over the New England Patriots.
He was physically strong in appearance though often sweated up before his races.
He was preceded as chancellor of the University of Paris by Grimerius Bonifacci.
He was previously a contributing political reporter for The Wall Street Journal.
He was previously Quain Professor of Jurisprudence at University College London.
He was previously Senior Editor for News and Continuous News Editor at Time.com.
He was previously the executive vice president and provost of Baylor University.
He was previously with the Braehead Clan in the British Elite Ice Hockey League.
He was principal of Wye College and director of Rothamsted Experimental Station.
He was Professor of Materials Science at the California Institute of Technology.
He was pushed into music business as he got married while going through college.
He was rated by Klout as one of the top five Social Media experts on innovation.
He was recently awarded an Honorary Doctorate by Buckinghamshire New University.
He was recruited from Ainslie Football Club in the Australian Capital Territory.
He was regarded as a "maverick" from the very beginning of his tenure in office.
He was related to movie producer Alexander Korda and art director Vincent Korda.
He was replaced by Speaker of the Maine House of Representatives G. Steven Rowe.
He was rumored to fake his own death and live off his life insurance in Germany.
He was said by coach Dan McGugin to be one of his six best players ever coached.
He was selected as the Most Valuable Male Athlete of the Japanese Championships.
He was six times National Singles Champion and also won two English Open titles.
He was still on his honeymoon when the Flying W Ranch was destroyed by the fire.
He was subsequently appointed senior lecturer in economics at Monash University.
He was successful stage actor in Faisalabad before Nargis brought him to Lahore.
He was the brother of pioneering female engineer and businesswoman Kate Gleason.
He was the cinematographer of the film Shyamol Chhaya directed by Humayun Ahmed.
He was the editor of the Intercollegiate Review and senior editor of Modern Age.
He was the first Englishman to record a maximum score in a World Team Cup Final.
He was the first player ejected from a Pro Bowl after his fight with Neil Smith.
He was the first scientist to use neuroimaging to study the brains of murderers.
He was the first South African to complete three singlehanded circumnavigations.
He was the first to be champion in Spain while being from French Basque Country.
He was the first Welshman to become president of the National Union of Students.
He was the former State Secretary of the Communist Party of India of Tamil Nadu.
He was the Founder and Chairman of the Board of Olford Ministries International.
He was the founding general secretary of Bharatiya Khet Mazdoor Union in Punjab.
He was the goalie against whom Wayne Gretzky scored his first professional goal.
He was the guitarist for many music directors before he started composing music.
He was the master of the Angel Inn at Islington and also of White Conduit House.
He was the mayor of Lucknow for two terms and served as a member of Rajya Sabha.
He was the mentor of Doctor Strange and was his predecessor as Sorcerer Supreme.
He was the metropolitan of his province in parallel with the Catholic hierarchy.
He was the Minister of Education under former President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali.
He was the oldest known student ever to enroll as a freshman at Harvard College.
He was the pioneer in South India to introduce Hire Purchase for everyday goods.
He was the recipient of the Distinguished Alumni Award from New York University.
He was the third last player chosen in the draft and the last teenager selected.
He was the winning coach on the first and third seasons of The Voice of Ireland.
He was twice council Chairman of Nangere local Government Council in Yobe State.
He was working as an SP with Punjab police before taking a plunge into politics.
He was wounded in the rescue of Lieutenant Hugh McKee and was struck by a sword.
He went on to perform stand up comedy extensively on the mainland and in Hawaii.
He went on to receive an MA in English literature from the University of Oregon.
He went on to start four of the six qualifying games which all ended in defeats.
He went to St. John the Evangelist High School in Marol and RD National college.
He will face Republican U.S. Representative Jim Renacci in the general election.
He won an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film Cabaret.
He won a national contest to sculpt a bust of Mazzini once found in Campidoglio.
He won a Super Bowl with the New Orleans Saints of the National Football League.
He won has won gold and bronze medals at the World Para Athletics Championships.
He won six events on the Von Nida Tour as well as three other Australian events.
He won the Million Dollar Game in the XFL as a member of the Los Angeles Xtreme.
He worked as a canoeing coach at the Hungarian University of Physical Education.
He worked as a coach for the University of Oxford and then Princeton University.
He worked as a Dutch journalist and investigated claims of paranormal phenomena.
He worked as an engineer in the state civil department before becoming an actor.
He worked at the Justice Institute of British Columbia as a program coordinator.
He worked on more than eighty films in Italy and France during a lengthy career.
He works as an attorney in a private practice that focuses on environmental law.
He works as a Professor of Mathematics at the University of Southern California.
He works at the University of Amsterdam at the Institute of Theoretical Physics.
He works primarily for English dubbed anime for Funimation and Sentai Filmworks.
He works with Hit Factory Studio which is currently affiliated with YBNL Nation.
He would later serve as head of the department of psychology at Ohio University.
He would subsequently retire from the radio business because of health problems.
He wrestles on the independent circuit in Canada and the northern United States.
He writes under his own name and the pseudonyms Jack Ellis and Valerie Stephens.
He wrote mainly on South Indian rural life and the Indian independence movement.
Hewson currently stars as Abby Hammond in the Netflix series Santa Clarita Diet.
Hex is a fictional computer featured in the Discworld novels by Terry Pratchett.
Heylerosaurids are generally regarded as the sister taxon of the stenotosaurids.
Hey Paoa is the first Rapa Nui male to earn a law degree and become an attorney.
Hide from the Sun is the sixth studio album by the Finnish rock band The Rasmus.
Higgi is a tribe from Michika Local Government Area in Adamawa State of Nigeria.
High Note is a Warner Bros. Looney Tunes animated short directed by Chuck Jones.
High Peak Radio is a commercial radio station broadcasting to the Peak District.
Highscreen is a consumer electronics brand selling budget smartphones in Russia.
Hijazi is also a business man and the current exclusive agent of Phillip Morris.
Hiking trails circle the rim as well as lead down into the mouth of the volcano.
Hilleman was later named Vice President in charge of Production for the company.
Hills then plots killing each of them in the worst possible ways as retribution.
Hilton unsuccessfully defended Joe Hill in the appeal of a murder trial in Utah.
Hinchcliff is a nephew of former New Zealand Prime Minister Sir Geoffrey Palmer.
Hinduism has historically been a major religious and cultural influence in Java.
Hinsdale is a village in Cook and DuPage counties in the U.S. state of Illinois.
Hints for Swimmers was among the earliest regularly scheduled television series.
Hippach is a municipality in the Schwaz district in the Austrian state of Tyrol.
Hiroshi Takahashi is a male former international table tennis player from Japan.
His ability with the ball in his foot is super powerful and fast inside the box.
His accomplice Johan Land avoided execution by asking to be made an executioner.
His action was described as a little like setting a wood in crown green bowling.
His aggressive defense and clutch hitting made him a favorite among Giants fans.
His artworks often involve subverting and finding new uses for everyday objects.
His "A" sample showed traces of clenbuterol and he was withdrawn from the final.
His attempt to retake Normandy and Anjou was defeated at the Battle of Bouvines.
His Bodoni Classic typefaces are considered very close to the authentic version.
His book on dynamical systems with John Guckenheimer is a landmark in the field.
His books advocate an environmentally responsible philosophy of land management.
His books deal primarily with the history of Indian aviation and armed services.
His brother Anders Peter Bro is an actor and his sister Laura Bro is an actress.
His brother Frank Flannery is a former General Secretary of the Fine Gael party.
His brother Ray raced with him until his death in a track accident in Australia.
His brother Robert Sutton and his nephew Hamon Sutton were also MPs for Lincoln.
His brother Robert Westerholt is the guitarist and founder of Within Temptation.
His business ventures have covered industries from real estate to the .com boom.
His career ended when he was hit in the eye by a high stick from Ulf Samuelsson.
His career in Germany ended after only two seasons because of contract disputes.
His compositions are a fusion of live instrumentation and electronic production.
His compositions include hit singles for Toby Keith and John Michael Montgomery.
His contemporaries saw this marriage as one of the most prestigious of the time.
His contract is that of a partnership contract between Glasgow Warriors and Ayr.
His core interest is in the role of culture in the shaping of societal progress.
His current area of research is the area of diet composition and energy balance.
His discovery of a white leucistic giraffe was widely reported in popular media.
His dissertation was on the history of white supremacy in French colonial Hanoi.
His dry stone stacking technique has been rarely used in the last two centuries.
His editorial comments dismiss editorial revisions made in the earlier editions.
His entry into the PBA signals the complete reversal of his basketball fortunes.
His experimental product designs promote sustainability and change perspectives.
His father died of yellow fever in the Isthmus of Panama before Knight was born.
His father Ingvar is a former player and manager of the Norwegian national side.
His father is former Republic of Ireland international footballer Mark Kinsella.
His father is former Scotland International and Arsenal F.C manager Bruce Rioch.
His father was a professor of genetic engineering at Louisiana State University.
His father was full blood San Felipe Pueblo and his mother is Navajo and Apache.
His father was Oba Ologun Kutere and his siblings were Obas Osinlokun and Adele.
His father was Rao Sheoji and his mother hailed from the Chavda clan of rajputs.
His final assignment was as Chief Of Staff of the United States Central Command.
His first academic appointment was to the Geology department at Rice University.
His first film appearance was in the television series The Ray Bradbury Theater.
His first group one race victory was in the E. P. Taylor Stakes aboard Lahaleeb.
His first round ended when the referee stopped the contest in the second minute.
His first television role was Declan in the second series of The Sleepover Club.
His Florida buildings are located from Tampa to Fort Myers with many in Nokomis.
Hisham B. Ghassib is a Jordanian theoretical physicist and Marxist intellectual.
His hit songs include "Bonsue" and "Rokpokpo" from his album The Afrikan Hustle.
His ideas have also been a key factor in the development of permaculture design.
His initiative of Karunya Lottery Benovelent Scheme claims financial help of Rs.
His interest in calendar reform began when he was working at a railroad company.
His interests include the origin of the masses of particles and the Higgs boson.
His laboratory studies how songbirds generate and learn complex vocal sequences.
His large ensemble project Cold Sweat was a tribute to the music of James Brown.
His last assignment in service was as the Military Secretary of the Indian Army.
His last match was Melbourne vs North Melbourne at the Melbourne Cricket Ground.
His last position before retirement was as Judge of the British Court for Japan.
His last years were marked by bitter family disputes with his grandson and heir.
His loss was attributed to his use of senatorial courtesy to block Judge Murphy.
His main challenger was considered to be Deputy Foreign Minister Masis Mayilyan.
His main compulsion was the need to touch back someone who had just touched him.
His main interest was the relative chronology of Roman and early medieval times.
His main sponsor during his time on the European Tour was UK bank Northern Rock.
His maternal grandfather was the Conservative MP Sir Arthur Jared Palmer Howard.
His most notable success was the discovery of tennis and golf pro Althea Gibson.
His most popular work is his satirical search for Satan in The Devil Wears Nada.
His most recent role was in one episode of the TV Series The Guard on Global TV.
His name came from the fact that all but two toes had been lost in a steel trap.
His nephew Alexis T. Coquillard was one of the first students of the university.
His next album which featured "Welcome Back" was his last for the Reprise label.
His or her Opposition counterpart is the Leader of the Opposition in the Senate.
His papacy was marked by reconciliation between the city of Rome and the Empire.
His parents were both schoolteachers and his father became Inspector of Schools.
His personal life story was featured in a Lenten TV special of the same network.
His philosophy consisted rather in his preference of heavenly to earthly things.
His piece "Labyrynthitis" was created from sounds recorded inside his inner ear.
His poems have been published in a number of literary magazines and anthologies.
His poetry is of an intimate nature and his compositions are often put to music.
His political career started from savlaj.he was elected Z P member from savlaj .
His political experience includes serving on the Columbus Junction City Council.
His primary research focus is the clinical pharmacology of antiarrhythmic drugs.
His productions have garnered him four personal Tony Awards for Best Production.
His productions of classics on All India Radio include Kanyasulkam and Ganapati.
His professional life has focused on social entrepreneurship and social justice.
His remarks and deadpan expressions invariably drew attention with his comments.
His research and teaching focus on organization theory and strategic management.
His research focuses on competition policy and intellectual property protection.
His research focuses on how organizations design and manage digital innovations.
His research focussed on ego symbols and in particular the personal pronoun "I".
His research relates to the modeling of the structure and evolution of galaxies.
His resignation was caused when his daughter was given a job in his department .
His return made it the longest any actor in Coronation Street has taken a break.
His school is in New York City and he has hundreds of students around the world.
His sisters Angela and Sue run a small designer clothing outlet in his hometown.
His site received a considerable amount of notice for tracking the transactions.
His sole home run was hit during his first official at bat in the Major Leagues.
His sole weakness is that he will not destroy any holy object such as the Bible.
His son Adalbert Gurath Jr. also represented Romania in fencing at the Olympics.
His son Dane Fife is an assistant basketball coach at Michigan State University.
His son Pasanda Yapa Abeywardana is a member of the Southern Provincial council.
His story found him battling public perceptions of homosexuality and homophobia.
His succession continued as the Shaw Stewart baronets of Greenock and Blackhall.
His success with major comedy roles made him a well known name throughout China.
His surviving compositions include a psalm Confitebor and some secular cantatas.
His team won the St Andrews Trophy and McLeary won the individual event as well.
Historian R. B. Singh identifies Ambaprasada with the Guhila ruler Amaraprasada.
Historians usually take the preface to mean that Wulfstan commissioned the work.
Historical demography is the quantitative study of human population in the past.
Historically neurotology fellowship programs have only been one additional year.
Historically this area was an enclave of ethnic Italians and Italian businesses.
Historically this was known as Irian Jaya and was part of the Dutch East Indies.
Historic Ships in Baltimore is an affiliate of the Living Classrooms Foundation.
History of radio in Poland predates the establishment of Second Polish Republic.
His twin brother Max Carver has frequently portrayed the twin of his characters.
His twin brother Yevgeni Mayorov was an international ice hockey player as well.
His versatility means he can also play anywhere across the back four of defense.
His work draws upon personal complexities by acknowledging cultural differences.
His work has also been included in anthologies of writing about the Vietnam War.
His work has appeared in anthologies and in hundreds of international magazines.
His work has appeared in many literary and commercial magazines and anthologies.
His work has been cited by the Environmental Protection Agency in their reports.
His work has been featured in many books and magazines like National Geographic.
His work has been included in two books on street photography and in MAP Talent.
His work includes small performances and actions that create objects and images.
His work in media productions often explores themes of alienation and isolation.
His work is characterized by his humanitarianism and soothing poetic expression.
His work is included in numerous public and private collections internationally.
His work on milk effectively created "clean milk" for the first time in Britain.
His work on rational double points on rational surfaces has also been acclaimed.
His work on robotic hands has been featured in popular publications on robotics.
His works contain abstracted Arabian calligraphy and modern European influences.
His writing has received much attention and been cited in Congressional debates.
His younger brother Neil Campion was a coach at Aspley Junior Rugby League club.
HIV/AIDS in Japan has been recognized as a serious health issue in recent years.
HJK Helsinki were the defending champions and successfully defended their title.
HMS Farnborough was severely damaged in the action and was beached the same day.
HMS Sealark was a Royal Navy vessel used primarily for hydrographic survey work.
Hoagland has three children and is married to the author Jane Stanton Hitchcock.
Ho Central is located in the Ho Municipal district of the Volta Region of Ghana.
Hockenhull will also compete for Great Britain at the first ever European Games.
Hofstetten is a municipality in the district of Landsberg in Bavaria in Germany.
Hohenems is a town in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg in the Dornbirn district.
Hohenkammer is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany.
Hohoe North is one of the constituencies represented in the Parliament of Ghana.
Hoist is the name of several fictional characters in the Transformers franchise.
Hole is located around lake Tyrifjorden and extends to the woodland around Oslo.
Holgate beers are available in bottles and on tap throughout the Melbourne area.
Holiday Swap is a hospitality service platform for people to swap their lodging.
Holland is a region and former province on the western coast of the Netherlands.
Hollywood is the second studio album by Australian indie rock band Little Birdy.
Holmes played college football at Hinds Community College and Auburn University.
Holmes supported a bylaw to require property owners to promptly remove graffiti.
Holness is best known for his role as fictional writer and actor Garth Marenghi.
Holophrasis is the prelinguistic use of a single word to express a complex idea.
Holt is the Director of NLP Fitness Solutions and a corporate trainer in Sydney.
Home fixtures are played at the University Parks to the north of central Oxford.
Homelessness in Denmark is considered a significant social issue in the country.
Homelessness in the Netherlands is a social problem that is quickly on the rise.
Homenaje a Juan Luis Guerra is the second studio album from Cuban singer Marlon.
Home Work Soul is the fourth studio album by German recording artist Max Mutzke.
Homosexuality in ancient Rome often differs markedly from the contemporary West.
Honey Creek was so named from the fact pioneers found a nest of honeybees there.
Honey Lingers is the second album by alternative rock band Voice of the Beehive.
Hooge en Lage Zwaluwe was a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant.
Hoogstede is a community in the district of Grafschaft Bentheim in Lower Saxony.
Hooping combines technical moves and tricks with freestyle or technical dancing.
Hope Township is a civil township of Barry County in the U.S. state of Michigan.
Hope Valley was so named on account of the hopeful spirit of the first settlers.
Hopper described the painting to Katharine Kuh as one of his personal favorites.
Hopps and Adomotis each had their respective roles previously in "Interactions."
Horae Apocalypticae is an eschatological study written by Edward Bishop Elliott.
Hormone therapy or hormonal therapy is the use of hormones in medical treatment.
Horquilla is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina.
Horseshoe Bay is a city in Llano and Burnet counties in the U.S. state of Texas.
Horticultural oil sprays and insecticidal soap have also been used successfully.
Horus Music Limited is a global digital distribution and label services company.
Hospet Sumitra was the first Bishop in Rayalaseema of the Church of South India.
Hospital leaders are currently lobbying for state funds to rebuild the hospital.
Hossfeld began racing at the age of twelve in kart racing at Lancaster Speedway.
Hosten currently run the project by reaching out to local artists and merchants.
Hosting environment is a term used in telecommunication and Internet businesses.
Houdek is a type of soil composed of glacial till and decomposed organic matter.
Hourglasses depend on the steady draining of fine sand through a small aperture.
Howard A. "Howe" Welch was a professional football player for the Akron Indians.
Howard and his supporters did not have the funds to take the companies to court.
Howe fights at middleweight and challenged for the WBC USNBC middleweight title.
However his two sons later formed a commercial company which bought the estates.
However it merged with Halford parish to form the modern day Craven Arms parish.
However peptide/protein and protein/protein conjugates have also been developed.
However producers in other areas are now starting to experiment with the method.
However the best results are still generally obtained with high quality cymbals.
However the evidence from international practice in this regard is inconclusive.
However the population of this village is declining due to migrations to plains.
However the song "Tower of Song" does not actually appear on this tribute album.
However the thickness of the RNFL also decreases with age and not visual acuity.
However this ceased when local cattle ranchers began dumping manure in the pond.
However Thomas falls in love with Dominique and helps her escape back to France.
How have relations between different suppliers and recipients changed over time?
Howie Weinberg is a music mastering engineer who has worked with numerous bands.
How Life Imitates Chess is a book by former World Chess Champion Garry Kasparov.
How the baby latches is more important than how the baby is held during nursing.
How to Get Filthy Rich in Rising Asia is the third novel by writer Mohsin Hamid.
Hozier is the eponymous debut studio album from Irish musician of the same name.
HP OmniBook was a range of laptop personal computers created by Hewlett Packard.
HSVP is a related government owned agency responsible for the urban development.
Huancabamba District is one of eight districts of the province Oxapampa in Peru.
Huancarani District is one of six districts of the province Paucartambo in Peru.
Huanipaca District is one of the nine districts of the Abancay Province in Peru.
Huarango District is one of seven districts of the province San Ignacio in Peru.
Huarmaca District is one of eight districts of the province Huancabamba in Peru.
Huaxia is a historical concept representing the Chinese nation and civilization.
Hubbard put forward his ideas about niacin in a book called All About Radiation.
Hubert William Spillett was a British Christian missionary and Bible translator.
Hudson Strait links the Atlantic Ocean and Labrador Sea to Hudson Bay in Canada.
Hueso is currently serving as Chair of the California Latino Legislative Caucus.
Hughes attended Texas Southern University and was drafted by the Boston Celtics.
Hughes Creek is a stream in Cape Girardeau County in the U.S. state of Missouri.
Hughley also spent time in the NFL with the Baltimore Ravens and Denver Broncos.
Human beings use natural languages to communicate an abstract view of the world.
Human body shape is a complex phenomenon with sophisticated detail and function.
Human embryogenesis refers to the development and formation of the human embryo.
Human "larks" tend to feel most energetic just after they get up in the morning.
Human rights are rights that are believed to belong to justifiably every person.
Human rights in Jordan are among the best and most respected in the Middle East.
Human rights in Poland are guaranteed by the second chapter of the Constitution.
Human the Death Dance is the third studio album by American rapper Sage Francis.
Hundreds of such tablet personal computers have come onto the market since then.
Hungana is an endangered Bantu language of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Hunter Fork was so named on account of it being an area in which game is hunted.
Hunt is a lecturer in modern British History at Queen Mary University of London.
Hunt is an honorary patron of The Music Hall Guild of Great Britain and America.
Hupari is a census town in Kolhapur district in the Indian state of Maharashtra.
Hurst was allowed to train under Sugong and eventually wrote his book about him.
Hussainpur is a census town in Jalandhar district in the Indian state of Punjab.
Huston served as executive producer along with Alan Ball who directed the pilot.
Hutan Melintang is currently located under the Bagan Datuk federal constituency.
Hutchinson defeated Ross and two minor party candidates in the general election.
Hutchins was born and raised in Baltimore and graduated from Sparks High School.
Hyalotephritis is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
Hylozoism is the philosophical point of view that matter is in some sense alive.
Hypermiling is driving a vehicle with techniques that minimize fuel consumption.
Hyperpolarized small molecules are typically used for in vivo metabolic imaging.
Hypobromous acid is a very weak and unstable acid with chemical formula of HOBr.
Hypogastrura is a genus of springtails and allies in the family Hypogastruridae.
IAEE is incorporated under United States laws and has headquarters in Cleveland.
I Am is the third studio album from Christian folk rock musician Jennifer Knapp.
Ian Beale started a relationship with Jane Beale and Steven Beale also returned.
Ian Wilson is a brother of international rowers Stuart Wilson and Andrew Wilson.
Iaora Tahiti is the second studio album by German electronica duo Mouse on Mars.
IATA also provides codes for railway stations and for airport handling entities.
Ibrahim has previously served as the curator of the National Museum of Pakistan.
Ibrahim Idris Kpotun is the current acting Nigerian Inspector General of Police.
ICAI actively engages itself in aiding and advising economic policy formulation.
Icarus I is now at the Smithsonian Institution awaiting restoration and display.
Ice Cream Cake is the debut extended play by South Korean girl group Red Velvet.
Ice diving is a type of penetration diving where the dive takes place under ice.
Ice Energy is an energy storage company serving utility companies in California.
Ice hockey is a relatively new sport in Iran and is seeing increased popularity.
Ichagarh block is one of the oldest place of historical importance in Jharkhand.
Ichneumonopsis is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
Ichneumonosoma is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
Ichoda is a census town in Adilabad district in the state of Telangana in India.
Icon is a compilation album from the American southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd.
Ida Township is a civil township of Monroe County in the U.S. state of Michigan.
IDEA Office is an American architectural practice based in downtown Los Angeles.
Ideler is a small lunar impact crater in the low southern latitudes of the Moon.
I engineered this one with one hand on the controls and the other on the guitar.
If a heating oil burner runs out of oil it often must be primed to be restarted.
IF and is the granddaughter of Sverre Ingolf Haugli and sister of Sverre Haugli.
If an electron is excited into a higher state it leaves a hole in its old state.
IFB did not dictate policy but instead enabled individuals to become candidates.
IFCA International holds an annual convention to decide on the issues before it.
Ifedayo Olarinde popularly called Freeze is a Nigerian radio host and presenter.
If I Believe is the fourth studio album by Japanese recording artist Mai Kuraki.
If it is then turned over it will straighten and bend in the opposite direction.
Ifold has a settlement boundary and for decades has had new housing development.
If they are not being suppressed properly they are called frontal release signs.
If they are not up for the tasks required of them they fail the given challenge.
If Women Counted is often regarded as the "founding document" of the discipline.
Ig delta chain C region is a protein that in humans is encoded by the IGHD gene.
Iggy Pop is often credited with popularizing stage diving in popular rock music.
Ignacio Toselli is an Argentine film actor who works in the cinema of Argentina.
Igney is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
I had a bunch of things written when Mickey and Tony came on board as engineers.
II is the second and final studio album by the American music duo Capital Kings.
II is the second studio album by The Presidents of the United States of America.
I is the third compilation album by brazilian rock band Os Paralamas do Sucesso.
II Worlds is the second studio album by the British electronic music group Nero.
IKVM.NET is an implementation of Java for Mono and the Microsoft .NET Framework.
Ile De France was located in a building originally intended to be for a nursery.
Illegal exports to Honduras and Mexico are not reflected in official statistics.
Illington is a village and former civil parish in the English county of Norfolk.
Iloilo reinstalled Bainimarama as PM and his Cabinet members to their positions.
Imhotep served as Chancellor and as High Priest of the sun god Ra at Heliopolis.
Immanuel Lutheran Church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Immature leaves have thicker coats of hair and are paler and yellowish in color.
Immediately after the attack He was arrested and taken to questioning by police.
Immediately to the east of Waulkmill Bay is the RSPB site of Kirbister Preserve.
Immediately to the north of Bream Head is a long sandy beach called Ocean Beach.
Imoh is a village in Anantnag Tehsils in Anantnag district in Jammu and Kashmir.
Imperforate lacrimal puncta can be corrected by surgical opening of the punctum.
Imperial Dreams is an American drama film written and directed by Malik Vitthal.
Imperial Italy refers to the periods in which Italy was the center of an Empire.
IMP is written in PHP and a component of the collaborative software suite Horde.
Improvisational Tribal Style is a specific style or school of Tribal bellydance.
In a conventional synchrotron such a variation would result in loss of the beam.
In addition they have to moderate the traffic density to not cause traffic jams.
In addition to being a professional wrestler LoMonaco is a radio talk show host.
In addition to the TV channels there were selected DMX music and radio channels.
In addition to this he also won two Connacht medals and two championship medals.
In addition to this he also won two Leinster medals and one championship medals.
In addition to this he also won two Leinster medals and ten championship medals.
In addition to this he also won two Munster medals and four championship medals.
In a five to three decision the Court held that the evidence should be excluded.
In a kitchen or bathroom environment the coat rack is often used to hang towels.
In a mitotic cell wherever two asters convene the formation of a spindle occurs.
In Anatomy it might be the case that a spatial relation is not fully applicable.
In another tradition Hathor is regarded as his mother and sometimes as his wife.
Inappropriate activation of the pathway has been shown to occur in many cancers.
In between times he worked as the House of Commons assistant to Brian Wilson MP.
In Blissful Company is the first studio album by the English group Quintessence.
In Bold are the players still active in current season and their teams for this.
In both portrayals Murdoc is an assassin and frequent antagonist of both series.
In both types the blade is typically secured by one or two holding/thumb screws.
In club cricket he appeared for Sevenoaks Vine in Kent and Horsham Cricket Club.
Included in the soundtrack is music by Broken Social Scene and Annelise Noronha.
Included in the transfer were lines that GTE acquired in its purchase of Contel.
Included on the disk are her takes on various celebrities and her personal life.
In collaboration with space industry they aim to build microsatellites together.
In common with the other efforts the tail addition is based on the Ojima lactam.
Incumbent Democrat Ray Mabus unsuccessfully ran for reelection to a second term.
Incumbent Democrat Sheldon Whitehouse is running for reelection to a third term.
Incumbent Republican mayor Rudy Giuliani could not run again due to term limits.
Indaw Township is a township in Katha District in the Sagaing Division of Burma.
Independent Newspapers shares advertising resources with The Newport Daily News.
Index Trading is a type of trading of a group of stocks which make up the index.
In Dharmic religions Maya is believed to be the illusion of a physical universe.
India and Pakistan have played against each other several times in field hockey.
Indiana will compete as a member of the East Division of the Big Ten Conference.
Indian Creek is a stream in Cape Girardeau County in the U.S. state of Missouri.
Indian Creek most likely was named for the Indians who settled along its course.
Indian Mexicans are Mexican citizens who are descendants of migrants from India.
Indian National Conference is called as predecessor of Indian National Congress.
Indianola is the third studio album by American country music artist Steve Azar.
Individual cars stop and start by releasing and gripping this cable as required.
Indonesians in Malaysia comprised a large numbers of labor and domestic workers.
In Donetsk there are also many Pakistanis doing business in the outdoor markets.
Indosiar dropped The Voice Indonesia after the first season due to poor ratings.
Indramoni Bora is an Indian politician and member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
Indu Nagaraj is an Indian playback singer who primarily works in Kannada cinema.
Industry Giants is the fifth and final album by alternative rock band Superdrag.
In economics and marketing a universe is a population to be studied or measured.
In extreme cases when the joint does not move at all it is said to be ankylosed.
Infection can lead to beta cell apoptosis which increases the risk of insulitis.
Infection occurs in the definitive host when the animal eats an infected rodent.
Infections include by fungi such as Candida albicans and bacteria such as Staph.
Information being communicated or exchanged is provided within an XBRL instance.
In FortranM processes communicate by sending and receiving messages on channels.
In her later life a fund was created to give her an annuity because of her work.
In high school Jeff was a percussionist and he was the drummer of a garage band.
In his career he has played in each of the top seven levels of English football.
In his career Lewis also played for the Houston Texans and Jacksonville Jaguars.
In his early ministry he was a team vicar in rural Devon and the city of Exeter.
In his later life he gave speeches at many UC schools supporting workers rights.
In his speech he spoke out about "The New South" as it applied to LGBT equality.
In Honor of Icon E is a tribute album to the Norwegian black metal band Emperor.
In humans it is encoded by the ADIPOQ gene and it is produced in adipose tissue.
Initially it ran to/from Mumbai Central later it was amended to Bandra Terminus.
Initially the school was situated in a small building near the current location.
Initially this was referred to as Oxford and Cambridge Universities or Oxbridge.
Initial sales for the game have been kept a secret by publisher Electronic Arts.
Initiating legal or other recovery actions against customers who are delinquent.
In its later years Cowes station was notable for an unusual operating procedure.
In its ultimate configuration it is said to have inspired the term "bubble car".
In Jamaican patois the word jamming refers to a getting together or celebration.
In Japan it is also a vector of a roundworm Setaria digitata in sheep and goats.
Injection of local anesthetic into this space constitutes the retrobulbar block.
In July that year Elgar made different versions of the "Canto Popolare" section.
Inkosi Langalibalele Local Municipality is a local municipality of South Africa.
In land animals the respiratory surface is internalized as linings of the lungs.
In later years the observatory also made observations on stars and geomagnetism.
In List A matches in the same two seasons they won three matches and lost eight.
In many cases one aspect of the comparison is implied rather than made explicit.
In mathematics he has worked in the areas of Galois theory and Moonshine theory.
In Me is the debut studio album by British singer and songwriter Natalie Duncan.
In modern native title actions a much more extensive territory has been claimed.
In North America it occurs at high elevations as far south as Utah and Colorado.
In North America its range includes all of Mexico and the western United States.
In North America to Dine Alone and in Japan they are signed to Thistime Records.
In Northern Ireland they once provided a major source of iron and aluminum ores.
In North Otago it underlies the thicker and harder Otekaike Limestone formation.
INOJ has written for various artists including Billy Crawford and Janet Jackson.
In order for a shipbuilding family to function the support of a wife was needed.
Inorganic compounds can be defined as any compound that is not organic compound.
In previous sense it is more focused on thinking and practice of those in power.
Inputs into the anterior lobe of the cerebellum are mainly from the spinal cord.
In radio it is the use of only one antenna both in the transmitter and receiver.
In recent systems relational databases are often used in place of indexed files.
In recent years he has written on the theory of religion and political theology.
In recent years the Award has also received sponsorship from The Comedy Channel.
In response the FX industry has moved towards adopting a Global Code of conduct.
In retirement from playing Bond became involved in team management and coaching.
In retirement from playing Duff became involved in team management and coaching.
In retirement he serves as an assistant bishop in the Diocese of Bath and Wells.
In rugby union a scrum is a means of restarting play after a minor infringement.
In Shoals is the second album by German metalcore band War from a Harlots Mouth.
Inside the vehicle were three men transporting marijuana from Texas to Illinois.
Inside with Chris Cuomo is an American documentary series hosted by Chris Cuomo.
In singles Di Toro is the former world number one and two time masters finalist.
In some cases Davis provides the only extant image of certain people and places.
In some cases the office of Royal Secretary evolved into the Secretary of State.
In some localities green bins are also used to contain unsorted municipal waste.
In some places they collapsed completely leaving gulleys with precipitous sides.
In some taxa the hypothallus may be involved in the formation of the fruit body.
In spite of the common name it is in a different family from the garden petunia.
Instant Recall is an American hidden camera game show hosted by Wink Martindale.
Instead of receiving a rejection letter she did not receive any response at all.
Institutions of higher education offer both university and professional studies.
In subsequent editions seven metrical letters are found and other augmentations.
In tandem with the Capability Package there are a series of Protection Profiles.
Interactive tools handle mediated interactions between a pair or group of users.
Interatheriidae is an extinct family of notoungulate mammals from South America.
Intercalation results in complex formation which inhibits DNA and RNA synthesis.
International classification is done by IPC Alpine Skiing and IPC Nordic Skiing.
Internationally recognized creativity researcher Frederick Mayer in Vienna died.
Interpellation is a formal request of a parliament to the respective government.
Interstate Highways in Oklahoma form a network of freeways that cross the state.
Interstellar Space is a studio album by American jazz saxophonist John Coltrane.
In the basic story a cat and a fox discuss how many tricks and dodges they have.
In the beginning of the summertime Olympiacos named Bosnian Dusan Bajevic coach.
In the beginning the show was hosted by Matthew Stewardson and Candy Litchfield.
In the death of Rhodes Fisher the Republic has lost one of its wisest defenders.
In the Depths of Despair is the debut album of the death metal band Gone Postal.
In the end Dyrholm lost to Danielle Smith an Alberta journalist and broadcaster.
In the film Autry sung the song "Blue Canadian Rockies" written by Cindy Walker.
In the Gospel of Luke the very similar prayer has the more metaphorical wording.
In The Green Knight he is transformed by a different woman for the same purpose.
In their first month of launching they received over a million views on YouTube.
In the Netherlands these degrees are however not seen as a university education.
In the northern part of its range it usually grows in coniferous forest habitat.
In the novels she brings to life the people she imagines might have lived there.
In the oldest males the muzzle darkens to black and the eye stripes also darken.
In the reign of Henry VIII the friary was dispossessed and the church descrated.
In the same year he represented the VFL in an interstate match against Tasmania.
In the same year they would be the first lab to ever identify influenza B virus.
In these cases the municipalities are identical to the provinces they belong to.
In the series the author challenges the reader to reflect on the issues at hand.
In the seventeenth century written mention for the first time the word "Hyayna".
In the Super League he played for London Broncos and also played for Whitehaven.
In the United States a commercial lender offers loans backed by hard collateral.
In the United States it is a second line treatment to ceftriaxone for gonorrhea.
In the United States it is recommended for influenza infection during pregnancy.
In the United States it was released as a double feature with The Brothers Rico.
In the United States PID is estimated to affect about one million people yearly.
In this book Daniel Dennett explored what it means for people to have free will.
In this event he won two silver and one bronze medals at European Championships.
In this field the organisms are studied as the subject itself on a deeper level.
In this plan you get an overview of possible procedures in case of an oil spill.
In this position he essential acted as the Ashanti Empire governor over El Mina.
In this role she steadfastly promoted Canadian business and political interests.
In those with osteoporosis but no previous broken bones they are less effective.
In time ochre or buff paint began to replace linseed oil as the topside coating.
Into the Fire is the fifth studio album by the Canadian rock singer Bryan Adams.
Investors should be aware of the possible loss when buying or selling its stock.
In Victorian times it was occupied by the Royal Institute of British Architects.
In vitro fertilization is used by some in whom other measures are not effective.
In War and Pieces is the thirteenth album by the German thrash metal band Sodom.
In Western medicine hysteria was considered both common and chronic among women.
In winning the AJC Epsom Handicap he established a new Australasian record time.
In wintertime portions of the bay freeze over sufficiently to allow ice boating.
Iodotropheus is a small genus of cichlids endemic to Lake Malawi in east Africa.
IPS has stated those two schools will close if returned to school board control.
IPX network servers may use SAP to identify themselves by name and service type.
Iranian authors living outside the country but who publish in Iran are eligible.
Iranuns fought the Western invaders under the flag of the Maguindanao Sultanate.
Irene Manning is a fictional character from the ABC soap opera One Life to Live.
Irfan is an Indian actor who has appeared in Tamil films and television serials.
Iron has a long and varied tradition in the mythology and folklore of the world.
Iron Shark is a steel roller coaster at Galveston Island Historic Pleasure Pier.
Irukandji syndrome triggered by Carukiidae requires immediate medical attention.
Irving Arts Center features four galleries that are free and open to the public.
Irving has previously served on Wolfville Town Council and Iqaluit Town Council.
Isaac Nathan ben Kalonymus was a French Jewish philosopher and controversialist.
Isabella trains with Margaux at the Olympic Training Center in Colorado Springs.
Isamu Kasuya is a Japanese former professional Grand Prix motorcycle road racer.
Isariopsis clavispora is a fungal plant pathogen that causes leaf spot on grape.
ISE is fully accredited through The Western Association of Schools and Colleges.
I Should Be with You is an album by American country music artist Steve Wariner.
Islamic traditions include sympathy for and responsibility toward those in need.
Island Lake Township was named for a local lake noted for its large lake island.
Islands is the seventh studio album by Northern Irish alternative rock band Ash.
Isla San Lorenzo Norte is located immediately northwest of Isla San Lorenzo Sur.
Isolated populations are also present in some mountainous regions of the Sahara.
Isoo is a village in Anantnag Tehsils in Anantnag district in Jammu and Kashmir.
Isovaline acts as an analgesic in mice by activating peripheral GABAB receptors.
I speak for the republic and against the fascism that seems to be enveloping us.
Israel Haul is located on the north shore of Pepper Creek northeast of Dagsboro.
ISSO is the operational agent for the Houston Partnership for Space Exploration.
Issues can also be accessed through the online databases JSTOR and Project MUSE.
Is the importation of slaves permitted by the new Constitution for twenty years?
It acquired its name from the fresh water spring that flows directly beneath it.
It acts as a framework for the international efforts to protect the ozone layer.
It acts as a mobile payment and discovery platform for independent coffee shops.
It acts as a producer and facilitator of creative projects in the Hunter region.
It acts as a reservoir for public water supply and is popular for trout fishing.
It added the categories of "lunatic" and "imbecile" to those recorded as infirm.
It addresses those impediments to democratic development for free media systems.
It administered programs concerning farm products and agricultural conservation.
It administers probation and supervised release under United States federal law.
It aims to create products that aim to increase the productivity of aquaculture.
It airs national news from the USA Radio Network at the beginning of most hours.
Italians also commonly divide a celebratory meal into several different courses.
It allows patients at the hospital to compose and record songs in a real studio.
It allows the user to see traffic load on a network over time in graphical form.
It allows Users to legally combine licensed music with their own visual content.
It allows you to playback edit and record performances via its MIDI connections.
It almost completely within the Southern Ukraine covering half of its territory.
It along with the Tema Fishing Harbor are the only two fishing harbors in Ghana.
It also acquired EM Entertainment for its distribution network and back catalog.
It also aims to teach people how to prevent unnecessary harm to working animals.
It also allowed users to search for podcasts or browse from a podcast directory.
It also conducts a wide range of outdoor recreational events for its membership.
It also contains the first song Jieun helped write and compose for in Date Mate.
It also discusses the formation and movement of sand dunes in the Libyan Desert.
It also features audio and video recordings of the poets reading their own work.
It also features musical performances from both local and international artists.
It also focuses more on the destruction of relationships in its lyrical content.
It also found that the main cause of these inequalities was economic inequality.
It also has a prominent place amongst the numerous Shiva temples in South India.
It also has published a newsletter and a quarterly journal entitled PLA Journal.
It also has the responsibility for modernizing the payments industry in Ireland.
It also hints about the start of the Kalineesan dynasty that tortured Vaikundar.
It also holds the record for the most downloaded debut song for a female artist.
It also hosts a free classifieds and events listing board similar to Craigslist.
It also imparts computer training and develops devices to aid autistic children.
It also includes the far southwestern suburbs of Philadelphia in Chester County.
It also includes the inputs needed and outputs generated at each of these steps.
It also licenses the Parrot VM and protects the Parrot VM intellectual property.
It also maintains a seminary for the training of pastors in the city of Leipzig.
It also manufactures Mitsubishi brand passenger cars for sale in mainland China.
It also monitors its own operation during normal use and indicates any failures.
It also offers its own "free seats for first timers" program for High Holy Days.
It also provided the site where Harriet Beecher Stowe witnessed a slave auction.
It also provides a daemon to load haxies when certain applications are launched.
It also provides dental care and plastic and reconstructive surgery to patients.
It also provides numerous grants and awards for research and studies on mammals.
It also reached number one in Australia and number five on the UK Singles Chart.
It also recommends policies and guidelines for all U.S. federal public websites.
It also served as a monastery and as summer residence for the Melkite patriarch.
It also serves as a training ground for broadcasting and communication students.
It also serves the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum and Banc of California Stadium.
It also sets up a stable system of administration adopted under his sponsorship.
It also shared the name of an effects pedal company that was based in the space.
It also shares a nature trail with the neighboring village of Rolleston on Dove.
It also studies and analyzes policies of major power centers towards South Asia.
It also used to broadcast in New Zealand until that country got its own channel.
It and the other buildings have remained mostly intact since their construction.
It appears in the Bollywood film Kites starring Hrithik Roshan and Barbara Mori.
It appears to be closely related to the critically endangered Epioblasma penita.
It appears to be restricted to consolidated substrates made up of relict corals.
It appears to have been principally confined to the sacred music in the temples.
It applies primarily to groups designated as terrorists by the State Department.
It became a Number One country hit for him in both the United States and Canada.
It became popular amongst Albanians after Skanderbeg married Andronika Arianiti.
It became the official publication of the Australian Federation of Women Voters.
It becomes a bug when events do not happen in the order the programmer intended.
It becomes an alternative to traditional criteria like reliability and validity.
It began as a collaboration between Gabe Archer and his cousin Cameron Nicklaus.
It began including the "SBC" branding with the names of its operating companies.
It belongs to a genre of music and arts that developed with the Bhakti movement.
It belongs to the genus Ammotrophus and lives in the sea off southern Australia.
It belongs to the monophyletic Mimosoid clade in the subfamily Caesalpinioideae.
It blooms early and is frost sensitive but can produce nuts from secondary buds.
It bridges the western and eastern parts of the city across the Sabarmati river.
It broadcasts a mix of original programs as well as popular foreign programming.
It broadcasts Punjabi music and entertainment programming for the entire family.
It broadly covers the area earlier covered by Durgapur II assembly constituency.
It can also be confirmed by finding antibodies against the disease in the blood.
It can also be used to decide the player for another game such as Truth or Dare?
It can also come from the Moon or from terrestrial sources such as streetlights.
It can also imply an overheard conversation or anonymous sources of information.
It can be also found in mounds of Hypotermes obscuriceps and Hevea brasiliensis.
It can be distinguished by the distinct "roof" at the topmost part of the shell.
It can be found in ancient Egyptian and Greek mythology as well as Jewish magic.
It can be found in moist savanna in Angola and Democratic Republic of the Congo.
It can be found in the Pacific Northwest from Washington to northern California.
It can be found throughout much of the temperate world where it has naturalized.
It can be found throughout the Palearctic but commonly found throughout Britain.
It can be made on a tomato base or can include vegetables like onion and celery.
It can be planted on slopes and uneven terrain using a broadcast seeding method.
It can be regarded as a compromise between historic preservation and demolition.
It can be seen as part of the more general British colonization of the Americas.
It can be used as sole source of food for the rearing of Caenorhabditis elegans.
It can be used to troubleshoot network problems and applications on the network.
It can infect both domestic and wild ruminants and has a worldwide distribution.
It can range from innuendoes to stereotypical characterizations and defamations.
It can take place at the beginning of the school year and also before each unit.
It can trigger the Launch Abort System which will take the astronauts to safety.
It carries a magical cane which points out victims and has other magical powers.
It carries Cumulus Media Networks "Classic Hits" music format satellite network.
It carries water from the Golan and forms lagoons when it reaches Lake Kinneret.
It causes an inflammatory effect upon contact with the skin or mucous membranes.
It causes unprovoked jumps in mice following intracerebroventricular injections.
It chronicles her greatest hits from her first four albums for Arista Nashville.
It claims to have been the first company to sell barbecue flavored potato chips.
It closes with songs chosen as a response to the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina.
It combines the strategic elements of American and Canadian Football with chess.
It comes in mild and spicy flavors and may be used as a dip with tortilla chips.
It comes under the Chennai Metropolitan Area and it is a suburb of Chennai city.
It comes under Vemuru assembly constituency and Bapatla parliament constituency.
It commemorates police and peace officers who have died while on duty in Canada.
It compares two files of any type and writes the results to the standard output.
It comprises the Florida Army National Guard and the Florida Air National Guard.
It compromises with the Palestinians in the effort to establish peace in Israel.
It concluded that excess consumption of these products could cause health risks.
It conducts national camps and clinics and provides coaching education programs.
It connects Downtown Pittsburgh with the North Shore neighborhood in Pittsburgh.
It connects Downtown Sacramento with the city of West Sacramento in Yolo County.
It connects Gobichettipalayam with Dharapuram in the western part of Tamil Nadu.
It connects Spencer Street on the north bank with Clarendon Street on the south.
It consisted of a cylindrical concrete main body on top of a short wooden stake.
It consisted of Rhodope Prefecture in the west and Evros Prefecture in the east.
It consisted of the unincorporated community communities of Savage and Guilford.
It consists of a collection of covers of Great American Songbook jazz standards.
It consists of carving and polishing tree roots into various artistic creations.
It consists of professional musicians and is directed by a number of conductors.
It consists of single outdoor unit or antenna feeding to number of indoor units.
It consists predominantly of local authority and housing association properties.
It contained a plantation of coconut palm and rubber trees for export to Europe.
It contains an extended version of their Foiled album and a live recording disk.
It contains displays on Korean history from primitive society to the modern age.
It continues through Sherrards Wood to the Red Lion pub on the Great North Road.
It continues to house the Bankruptcy court for the Western District of Oklahoma.
It continues to the northeast until meeting Little Flat Creek south of McDowell.
It converts PowerPoint slides into visual presentations with additional effects.
It could be used to assist male or female couples in the development of a fetus.
It covers money and other valuables belonging to an individual or to a business.
It covers research in the field of mechanics as applied to medicine and biology.
It covers research methodology and relevant to the practice of nursing research.
It covers the component commands of the numbered air forces during World War II.
It covers the entire Damoh district and parts of Sagar and Chhatarpur districts.
It covers the lifecycle of a decision from an initial question to collaboration.
It creates a desktop environment using FVWM as its window manager and main core.
It crosses Burrard Inlet to connect the cities of Vancouver and North Vancouver.
It crosses the hamlet of Jamestown and the village of North Queensferry in Fife.
It crosses the River Foyle further south than the Foyle Bridge and Peace Bridge.
It currently centers on the northern Melbourne suburbs of Preston and Reservoir.
It currently holds the largest enrollment of all colleges in the state of Texas.
It currently is part of Arizona State University at the Downtown Phoenix campus.
It currently plays in the Cook Islands Round Cup and plays the Cook Islands Cup.
It currently serves as the headquarters of the Greene County Historical Society.
It deals with a high degree of uncertainty about green investment profitability.
It deals with a wide array of subjects including astronomy and physical culture.
It deals with potential fears for the irreversible effects of judicial activism.
It debuted at number one in the New Zealand album charts and was certified Gold.
It debuted at number one in the US and was later certified Platinum by the RIAA.
It delivers nearly all its services through electronic systems and the internet.
It depends on its readers and donations from foundations who support their work.
It depicts a fictional investigation about the Portella della Ginestra massacre.
It depicts the plight of fishermen living in the Southern Province of Sri Lanka.
It describes the traditional shamanistic religion of the Gurung people of Nepal.
It differs from other stenopodideans by the enlargement of its third maxilliped.
It differs from the death cap by its fragile volva and tendency to bruise brown.
It directs consumers to a website that provides information on the diet pattern.
It discusses an experimental linguistic theory that has philosophical overtones.
It discusses technical evolution of the microprocessor and marketing of devices.
It documents anarchist theory and ideas and argues in favor of social anarchism.
It does not appear on any aeronautical chart or in the Canada Flight Supplement.
It does not have a significantly higher incidence in any specific ethnic groups.
It does not have the clearly round pores that define truly poricidal dehiscence.
It does not mention the White Lodge of London or David Alderscroft in the story.
It does not occur in surrounding regions where intensive agriculture has spread.
It does not tolerate shade and requires fire to keep the habitat open and sunny.
It drains through the inferior orbital fissure into the pterygoid venous plexus.
I Tell a Fly is the second album by English artist and poet Benjamin Clementine.
It enables software developers to use the capabilities of an underlying network.
It encompasses much of the southeastern and southernmost portions of California.
It ensures everyday Human Resources processes are manageable and easy to access.
Iterators capture loop concurrency and can be scheduled to different processors.
It exerts its action through binding to and activation of the androgen receptor.
It exposes a very deep and normally hidden parautochthonous unit at the surface.
It extends far north in winter and retreats almost to the coastline each summer.
It extends from British Columbia through Alberta and Saskatchewan into Manitoba.
It extends from Port Jackson in the south to the suburb of Dee Why in the north.
It extends the second generation Sienta with a low floor and high ceiling style.
It facilitates the village of Kallar Kahar people and all other nearby villages.
It failed to chart and she left the record company before an album was released.
It favors dense forests along creeks where colonies can build huge complex webs.
It featured a cartoon facsimile of Williams always on the run in search of love.
It featured a number of important innovations Chapman would use on later models.
It featured a plywood shell placed over a tubular steel frame crafted at Dryden.
It featured interviews with current sports stars and comical skits about sports.
It features a central pedimented pavilion supported by Corinthian order columns.
It features additional spoken vocals from British TV personality Kelly Osbourne.
It features American and UK artists mostly that are on New Red Archives records.
It features American singer Marc Anthony when he was still a freestyle musician.
It features arched and porthole windows and sits on a cut fieldstone foundation.
It features a rounded corner tower topped by a conical roof and a stepped gable.
It features a yellow limestone facade and combines various architectural styles.
It features citations from the Tractatus and other works by Ludwig Wittgenstein.
It features excellent maneuverability and low draft suitable for shallow waters.
It features four suburban families who find that their lives become intertwined.
It features guest vocals from American Christian music singer Kristian Stanfill.
It features less psychedelia and hard rock and includes more folk rock elements.
It features live jazz and blues music and also popular Hawaiian musical artists.
It features live recordings alongside studio remixes of songs from War of Words.
It features Max reading several poems from his book The Detritus of Dorian Gray.
It features Nicki Minaj rapping near the end of the song and singing the chorus.
It features segments recorded live at Metropolitan Opera House in New York City.
It features special guests Peter Frampton on guitar and Mick Fleetwood on drums.
It features support for Kinect and PlayStation Move on the respective platforms.
It features tall rounded arched windows and small corner towers with buttresses.
It features ten small inset illustrations of important locations from the story.
It features the character Nick Adams as he recovers from a traumatic head wound.
It features the original game and a new version with higher resolution graphics.
It features Trinidadian rapper Nicki Minaj rapping the second verse of the song.
It features US Navy Pilots aboard the fictional aircraft carrier USS Georgetown.
It features verses from Trinidadian rapper Nicki Minaj and American rapper Tyga.
It flowers abundantly with tiny green blooms on separate male and female plants.
It flows north and west in the area between the Mackenzie and Coppermine Rivers.
It flows northeast and is a tributary of the River Blackwater near Swallowfield.
It flows south through Boulia towards the Simpson Desert in the Lake Eyre Basin.
It flows through undulating hill country to the Heretaunga Plains near Hastings.
It flows to the Pacific Ocean close to the town of Cheviot adjacent to Gore Bay.
It focused on the weeks big stories such as health problems and political views.
It focuses on international markets and intercultural collaboration in Business.
It follows a journey of a group of prominent citizens as they transit the route.
It follows four unrelated Singaporeans escaping from a wave of animated corpses.
It follows the adventures of a young Abraham Lincoln learning important lessons.
It follows the adventures of a young Albert Einstein learning important lessons.
It follows the story of two undertakers trying to deliver a body to a graveyard.
It for Love is the fourth studio album by English recording artist Alesha Dixon.
It formerly had its own railway station on the Maidens and Dunure Light Railway.
It formerly hosted football matches but at its time of demolition it was unused.
It forms a green corridor between Tower Hamlets Cemetery Park and Mile End Park.
It forms part of the parish of Cliffe and Cliffe Woods in the borough of Medway.
It found grandfather clause exemptions to literacy tests to be unconstitutional.
It granted the Poor Law Commission powers over the dispensary system in Ireland.
It grew to be one of the five largest computer leasing companies in the country.
It grows a tall and very thin stem often exceeding a meter in height when erect.
It grows easily in disturbed and waste areas and has potential to become a weed.
It grows in constantly wet habitat such as bogs and mossy rocks near waterfalls.
It grows in mud or submerged in shallow fresh or brackish water in marshy areas.
It grows in sub tropical rainforest at low altitudes on basaltic alluvial soils.
It grows on gravel slopes and produces white to pink flowers in March and April.
It had a similar premise to the successful UK factual television series Airline.
It had been filmed by both the United States military and Japanese camera crews.
It had eleven episodes in its first season and a second season of nine episodes.
It had first to bind itself to a third party and so incur contractual liability.
It had previously been part of the Victoria district which returned two members.
It had spent five weeks in the top ten before eventually toppling Elvis Presley.
It has a big pond outside the temple people from there take water for shivlinga.
It has a dedicated interface to MicroManager/OpenSpim/OpenSpin control software.
It has a distinctive enclosed porch with three Romanesque style arched openings.
It has a distinctly European style and resembles the gates of a European castle.
It has a fruity odor and flavor and is used in perfumery and as a food additive.
It has a gable roof and features a castellated corner tower and projecting bays.
It has a habit of landing and turning around almost immediately after alighting.
It has a huge canvas of Athiranippadam to North India to Africa and Switzerland.
It has also been credited as pioneering viral marketing and guerrilla marketing.
It has also been found in borings in the northeastern part of the Campine Basin.
It has also been found that men are generally higher than women in SDO measures.
It has also been introduced to southern British Columbia by Japanese immigrants.
It has also been performed and recorded by other singers including Elsa Hedberg.
It has also been used to illustrate the waterfall model of software development.
It has a restaurant serving Mediterranean and western as well as local cuisines.
It has a single dorsal fin and a large mouth and resembles the tropical jawfish.
It has a variety of options in terms of extracurricular activities for students.
It has a very lively message board to which the presenter regularly contributes.
It has become his most enduring achievement and legacy as president of Columbia.
It has been accredited by the Northwest Commission on Colleges and Universities.
It has been affiliated with the Pennsylvania National Guard since its formation.
It has been characterized as cybernetics where "circularity is taken seriously".
It has been compared to the poetic works of George Sterling and Kenneth Patchen.
It has been demolished due to structural deficiencies and will be reconstructed.
It has been described as having a heavier and darker tone than previous efforts.
It has been described as the largest electronic monitoring station in the world.
It has been designated a Blue Ribbon School by the U.S. Department of Education.
It has been implemented in several microcontroller devices for embedded systems.
It has been noted for making games that are accessible to the visually impaired.
It has been observed following delayed DNA damage induced by ionizing radiation.
It has been picked up by Strand Releasing for distribution in the United States.
It has been placed on the market by its current owners Palatial Leisure Limited.
It has been previously known as the "Finnieston Bridge" or the "Squinty Bridge".
It has been said that the American series Baywatch was based upon Chopper Squad.
It has been serving as central town for the administration known asDebar Milash.
It has been suggested that many assumed Moorcock to be the author of the column.
It has been suggested that this gene may play a role in prostate carcinogenesis.
It has been taken by a small number of pregnant women without signs of problems.
It has been used in this sense in classical Arabic Literature such as the Quran.
It has been used to study the effect of water level changes on bird populations.
It has continued since then and through the formation of Rapid Action Battalion.
It has entered the Mediterranean Sea via the Suez Canal as a Lessepsian migrant.
It has evolved into a network of scholars and organizations who study the field.
It has featured cars which have not previously been shown in public for decades.
It has gradually grown in size because of the surging popularity of track bikes.
It has had a variety of different call letters and formats during its existence.
It has heads of red flowers in spring and occurs in the Stirling Range district.
It has in the past been placed in the genus Minla instead of the monotypic Siva.
It has launched a number of open source development kits and industry solutions.
It has leathery glossy green leaves which have serrated edges and a sharp point.
It has locations at the University of Regina and the University of Saskatchewan.
It has many branches each a few centimeters long which grow pressed to the stem.
It has mixed effects on normal and cancer cells in in vitro and in vivo studies.
It has not been considered a mainstream success but did create a cult following.
It has one of the longest known orbits of a planet detected via radial velocity.
It has only been found at five sites at springs or seeps in the local waterways.
It has produced a poster criticizing boycotts of Israel as racist in PDF format.
It has proven to be a highly successful antimicrobial preservative in cosmetics.
It has recently been remodeled and is in use for special occasions and meetings.
It has significant platinum group metal deposit on the Bushveld Igneous Complex.
It has similar effects to digitalis and is used in traditional Chinese medicine.
It has since been subsumed into ABC News as part of rationalizations at the ABC.
It has since spread around the world and become a staple crop in many countries.
It has sponsored government events such as the annual Meet the Mayors breakfast.
It has the only harbor and safe anchorage for large vessels in Seward Peninsula.
It has traditionally being ranked second in importance to the Ulster Senior Cup.
It has two more tableau piles than Beleaguered Castle and the piles are shorter.
It has two natural populations on the eastern shore of the Derwent River valley.
It has two separate turntables for stabling broad and standard gage locomotives.
It has varying effectiveness depending on the input data and compression method.
It has whorled leaves and single fruiting peduncles rising above basal rosettes.
It has won an Australian Film Institute Award for Best Television Comedy Series.
It helps gage traffic and popularity trends which is useful for market research.
Itherther and Thamuatz had come from a dark place beneath the earth called Tlam.
It holds an exclusive license for all artists on Ed Banger Records and Phantasy.
It holds exhibitions relating to art and cultural history from around the world.
It honors individuals who rendered distinguished service to American cryptology.
It hosts a YouTube channel and provides digital clips to patrons and the public.
It houses not only city government but the local office of U.S. Rep. Paul Tonko.
It houses the oldest continuously operated commercial retail business in Jasper.
It however successfully continued producing compressors and grew over the years.
It includes all spatial and temporal aspects of managing an agricultural system.
It includes exercise and incidental activity integrated into our daily activity.
It includes music by some of the most famous contemporary dance music producers.
It includes original songs from Kenny Loggins and a film score by Johnny Mandel.
It includes people with a wide range of cultural and denominational backgrounds.
It includes several different products intended to treat heartburn and bloating.
It includes sites and monuments to commemorate the fort and battles in the area.
It includes the histories of complementary medicine and of integrative medicine.
It includes the power to be considered by both the central and state government.
It includes towns in Middlesex County and the western edge of New London County.
It includes various bomb attacks and other politically driven violent incidents.
It incorporates many changes required to conform to the certification standards.
It incorporates the second bridge of Kota Tinggi which crosses the Sungai Johor.
It increased such penalties for a second or subsequent conviction under the Act.
It inhabits drainages on the Atlantic Slope between Virginia and South Carolina.
It invites contributions by experienced and newer researchers and practitioners.
It invites visitors to walk around the park to experience alternative realities.
It involves the surreal adventures of "the boy with unfeasibly large testicles".
It involves uniting multiple storage devices into a single logical pool of file.
It is about four women from very different backgrounds sharing a maternity ward.
It is about three miles from the Pathshala railway station on the N. F. Railway.
It is a bustling center of activity from grocery markets to IT to shopping mall.
It is accessible from the village of Belca in the Municipality of Kranjska Gora.
It is a chemical intermediate in the synthesis of a variety of oligosaccharides.
It is a clan of Rajputs who were very close to the Prithvi Raj Chauhan of Ajmer.
It is a colorless solid that arises from the reaction of glycolic acid and urea.
It is a commercial center of the old residential area in the Visakhapatnam City.
It is a committed proponent of European integration and transatlantic relations.
It is a compilation album featuring previously unreleased songs and live tracks.
It is a complete city traffic environment but also includes farms and factories.
It is a concept album featuring songs with titles or lyrics referring to crying.
It is a contract in which both sides still have important performance remaining.
It is a courthouse for the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
It is a cove named after Red Rock Island and lays along Point Molate Beach Park.
It is across the street from the rear facade of the Castellare degli Ugurghieri.
It is active through the fall and winter until the cold stimulates it to pupate.
It is a developed suburb of Atlanta and a part of the Atlanta metropolitan area.
It is adjacent to and gives its name to the Narayanpur Dam on the Krishna River.
It is administered by the Home Ministry of the central Government of Bangladesh.
It is a fairly large fish and it gets its name from the yellow around its mouth.
It is a famous temple town being the family deity of many houses in Maharashtra.
It is a few miles south of Slocan City which is at the south end of Slocan Lake.
It is affiliated with C.F. Pachuca of Mexico hints the name Pachuca Puerto Rico.
It is affiliated with the Virginia Mennonite Conference of Mennonite Church USA.
It is a fictional account of a youngster who returns home from his vedic school.
It is a fleshy perennial herb growing from a taproot and usually lacking a stem.
It is a founding member of the International Fellowship of Evangelical Students.
It is a frequent recipient of Phoenix New Times annual "Best of Phoenix" awards.
It is a gene commonly associated with hereditary nonpolyposis colorectal cancer.
It is a greater church of the diocese of St Asaph and a Grade I listed building.
It is a green monoclinic mineral which forms as radial to fibrous encrustations.
It is a ground orchid with a single hairy leaf and a single scented pink flower.
It is a highly developed commercial area with residential accommodation as well.
It is a hybrid system that allows trading both on and off traditional exchanges.
It is a landrace originating in German baltic sea coast region called Pomerania.
It is a large shrub or tree with narrow linear leaves similar to those of a yew.
It is a leading provider of homegrown ITSM solutions to the South Korean market.
It is a listed building and is privately owned but can be visited by the public.
It is a living well and is under the care of the Kapilesvara Temple Trust Board.
It is almost entirely made up of the areas of the city historically in Somerset.
It is a locally common frog found by ponds and streams in dry evergreen forests.
It is along the northern part of the Strait of Georgia on the mainland BC coast.
It is also a Cambridge International Examinations Center and an IB World School.
It is also a contributing property to the Owatonna Commercial Historic District.
It is also a festival in the Aztec religion and the Principal deity is Mixcoatl.
It is also a festival in the Aztec religion dedicated to Xilonen and Cihuacoatl.
It is also a means of coordinating different work activities to avoid conflicts.
It is also a member of the Secretariat of Arab Red Crescent Societies in Jeddah.
It is also a railway station on the western Line of the Mumbai Suburban Railway.
It is also a recognized educational institution by the government of Tamil Nadu.
It is also a satellite school of the University of North Carolina at Wilmington.
It is also associated with Career Point which provide various coaching programs.
It is also a surname used by several families living on the East Coast of India.
It is also birth place of South African activists Govan Mbeki and Annie Silinga.
It is also celebrated by fishermen before the start of fishing in Andhra region.
It is also classified as a germ cell tumor and may arise in the testis or ovary.
It is also commonly found in the carnivorous plant genera Drosera and Nepenthes.
It is also considered to be the oldest institution of higher education in Bihar.
It is also cultivated in Bajawa town and other nearby villages in Ngada Regency.
It is also currently in first run showings internationally in several languages.
It is also historically significant as the third bank established in Day County.
It is also known as Arthur Street City Baths and Municipal Baths at Spring Hill.
It is also known as Graceville Recreation Reserve and the Sherwood War Memorial.
It is also known as Montreal Community Theater and Moveable Heritage Collection.
It is also known as Queensland International Heritage College and Windsor House.
It is also known as Sydney Insurance Companies Fire Bell and Bathurst Fire Bell.
It is also known as the Bredbo Rail Bridge and the Bredbo River Railway Viaduct.
It is also known as the giant rainforest mantis and the Australian giant mantis.
It is also known as Townsville and District Education Center and Memorial Gates.
It is also known by the alternative title of Confessions of a Sexy Photographer.
It is also known for a tower in its roof intended to be a zeppelin mooring mast.
It is also known from the Adriatic Sea and other parts of the Mediterranean Sea.
It is also known to potentially hold the last population of the Nubian wild ass.
It is also known to produce sporangia when cultured on starch or skim milk agar.
It is also likely that rented equipment will be unfamiliar at the referral site.
It is also listed as existing in an incomplete print at the Library of Congress.
It is also listed in the Encyclopedia of Measurement and Statistics and Cabells.
It is also necessary to analyze surface phenomena from the aspect of thin films.
It is also one of the first five schools to be set up during the British period.
It is also one of the major reasons for the push for electronic medical records.
It is also one of the wealthiest and most highly priced neighborhoods in Canada.
It is also possible to build an OpenOffice Writer template using OpenOffice.org.
It is also referred to as "The Hill" by the local media and MediaCorp employees.
It is also regarded as one of the "birthplaces of Masonic teachings in America."
It is also relayed by four low power translators to widen its broadcasting area.
It is also said that the ghost of the builder has been seen walking on the roof.
It is also the birthplace of White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders.
It is also the first game in the series that is developed by Gameloft Bucharest.
It is also the first media released by the band without vocalist/producer Deuce.
It is also the headquarters of Department of Telecommunications of the ministry.
It is also their first album to feature Marshal Dutton as the new lead vocalist.
It is also their first live album since Ray Thomas retired due to health issues.
It is also the mandal headquarters of Parchur mandal in Ongole revenue division.
It is also the name of a nighttime travel game involving spotting such vehicles.
It is also the only classical album by McCartney that was not released on vinyl.
It is also the only one of the three not to feature Govinda in the leading role.
It is also the only portrait in which he included a landscape behind the sitter.
It is also the result of inadequate debridement during the endodontic procedure.
It is also used to improve the tensile strength to weight ratio of the material.
It is also very notable for being the theme song of former WWE wrestler CM Punk.
It is also walking distance to the Old Delhi Railway Station of Indian Railways.
It is also where the inferior epigastric vessels perforate the rectus abdominis.
It is a marble figure of Jesus standing with his arms outstretched at his sides.
It is a matter of opinion to classify the novel to modernism or interwar period.
It is a member of low elevation grasslands communities and moist forest habitat.
It is a member of the genus Argiope and is commonly known as the silver argiope.
It is a member of the Hertfordshire Football Union and the Rugby Football Union.
It is a member of the Movement for Reform Judaism and its rabbi is Lisa Barrett.
It is a member of the New Jersey Association of State Colleges and Universities.
It is a mildly fermented drink made from pounded roots mixed with bits of maize.
It is a movie about freedom fighters trying to liberate Goa from the Portuguese.
It is a musical hit film with some Keerthanas and songs voiced by K. J. Yesudas.
It is an adaptation by Bill Naughton of his own novel and play of the same name.
It is an adaptation of the play The Man at Six by Jack Celestin and Jack DeLeon.
It is an administrative division under the jurisdiction of the commune of Dogbo.
It is an administrative division under the jurisdiction of the commune of Toffo.
It is an agency attached to the Department of Transportation of the Philippines.
It is an allergenic that could cause mucorosis in individuals with low immunity.
It is an alternative to other joints such as the butt joint and the scarf joint.
It is an American home improvement show produced by Notional which airs on HGTV.
It is an annual herb growing mostly erect to a maximum height near half a meter.
It is an area of research in which interdisciplinarity is a central perspective.
It is a narrow street running parallel between Princes Street and George Street.
It is a National Historic Mechanical Engineering Landmark and an IEEE milestone.
It is an epimer of codeine that can be prepared from it by a Mitsunobu reaction.
It is a new section and is being set up in many universities around the country.
It is an example of an alpha/beta protein fold that has oxidoreductase activity.
It is an example of Company painting by Indian artists for the British in India.
It is an important connection between Mahatma Gandhi Square and Richmond Circle.
It is an independent office established by the Constitution of Papua New Guinea.
It is an index that tracks a basket of commodities to measure their performance.
It is an indigenous drink of the Trakya region of Turkey in southeastern Europe.
It is an instrumental composition that runs two minutes and twelve seconds long.
It is an intermediate in the Van Arkel process for the purification of titanium.
It is an orally effective immunomodulator and is being tried in bladder cancers.
It is a part of New Orleans Public Schools and it was named after John McDonogh.
It is a pity that care is not taken to preserve some few of our ancient fabrics.
It is a pop song that was written by Diane Warren and produced by Matt Serletic.
It is a precursor to a range of drugs and is a ligand in coordination chemistry.
It is a private club and therefore closed to guests not accompanied by a member.
It is a program that aired on CNN and currently airs on TBN with host Mike Rowe.
It is a proposed chemotherapeutic agent against cainine filaria and trichomonas.
It is a protest song advocating the impeachment of then president Richard Nixon.
It is a psychological thriller film starring Sarah Michelle Gellar and Lee Pace.
It is a public building that houses many of the administrative offices of Bihar.
It is a puzzle game based on the "rocks and diamonds" mechanics of Boulder Dash.
It is a pyramidal molecule that is useful for preparing organoarsenic compounds.
It is a rare European fungus that has only been officially recorded a few times.
It is a relatively new settlement in comparison to other cities in the province.
It is a replica in miniature of a church he remembered from his native Scotland.
It is a robust annual herb producing a hairy stem up to about half a meter tall.
It is artificially crimped in order to achieve greater bulk than ordinary yarns.
It is a settlement era burial ground consisting of eight to ten rows of burials.
It is a shrub consisting of slender stems with umbel clusters of white blossoms.
It is a shrub producing many erect green branches which can exceed a meter long.
It is a single malt whisky that is also an ingredient to the blend Chivas Regal.
It is a site of pilgrimage for Catholics from Austria and neighboring countries.
It is a small annual plant spreading or erect stems each a few centimeters long.
It is a small medieval town in a region well known for its walnuts and truffles.
It is a solo dance but can be performed by two or more people dancing in unison.
It is a sometimes straggly shrub with velvety leaves composed of three leaflets.
It is associated with Familial encephalopathy with neuroserpin inclusion bodies.
It is associated with tropical cyclones in the southeastern North Pacific Ocean.
It is a staff weapon that can be used both for offensive and defensive purposes.
It is a stereotype describing something "tacky" and "cheesy" norak or kampungan.
It is a suite based on characters and scenarios associated with Charles Dickens.
It is a support yard for the Port of New York and New Jersey ExpressRail system.
It is a suspension bridge consisting of a wooden deck supported by large cables.
It is a symptom of several neurological conditions including multiple sclerosis.
It is a terrestrial plant endemic to the montane forests of Peninsular Malaysia.
It is a tertiary hospital and forms part of the Port Elizabeth Hospital Complex.
It is a topic that affects developed and developing countries in different ways.
It is a trailing herbaceous annual vine with barbed stems and triangular leaves.
It is a tributary of the Skagit River which it joins at the city of Marblemount.
It is a trypsin inhibitor with three protein domains of the Kazal domain family.
It is attended primarily by bloggers and science journalists from North America.
It is a tycoon game in which the player must run a zoo and try to make a profit.
It is a unique painting in that Alexander has done very few known oil paintings.
It is available mixed with a small amount of epinephrine to make it last longer.
It is available only in combination with an estrogen and is not available alone.
It is a very common plant throughout temperate Europe extending to the Caucasus.
It is a very popular holiday destination for Irish holiday makers in particular.
It is a Victorian garden in a gorge of the River Allen cutting through woodland.
It is awarded after passing an exam which is the same in all European countries.
It is awarded to individuals for special service in the civil or military field.
It is a Western set in Kansas based on the Edge book series by George G. Gilman.
It is a white solid which is soluble in ethanol and acetone at room temperature.
It is a wholesale market through which most currency transactions are channeled.
It is based and inspired on the flag of the Federal Republic of Central America.
It is based loosely on the real life addictions of her daughter to crystal meth.
It is based on a man named Yusuf Kazzab from Lahore who claimed to be a prophet.
It is based on a one man show Whitaker had written and performed in Los Angeles.
It is based on a play Bagdad on the Hudson by Ward Morehouse and Jean Dalrymple.
It is based on the authenticated encryption mode IAPM due to Charanjit S. Jutla.
It is based on the comic strip and the second book in the Big Nate novel series.
It is based on the Hugh Atkinson novel and adapted to the screen by Erich Segal.
It is based on the mythology of the Udmurt people and other nations of Udmurtia.
It is based on the play Madame Presidente by Maurice Hennequin and Pierre Veber.
It is based on the short story The Man Without a Country by Edward Everett Hale.
It is based upon the book "Zorg dat je een gekkenbriefje krijgt" by Ger Verrips.
It is becoming very popular to mix the pepper crab with a fresh jackfruit sauce.
It is being produced by Rockline Venkatesh under Rockline Entertainments banner.
It is believed that "differences with his family" were the cause of the suicide.
It is believed that the plum was cultivated from a wild fruit grown in Anatolia.
It is believed that the theater is the only one built in Britain during the war.
It is believed that what you wish for will be fulfilled if you visit the temple.
It is believed to be closely related to the Gorgonopsian Sauroctonus progressus.
It is believed to be the only surviving geometrically unusual barn in the state.
It is believed to be the only surviving movement of complete quartet in C minor.
It is best known as a citywide showcase of local creative talent each September.
It is best known for the early experimental acoustic mirrors which remain there.
It is between Broad Street and West Grand Street on an embankment and a viaduct.
It is between Imam Khomeini Metro Station and Imam Ali University Metro Station.
It is bounded on the north by Whitemud Drive and on the west by Winterburn Road.
It is broadcast from the Sky News center in the Sydney suburb of Macquarie Park.
It is broken down into simpler sub systems that carry out homogeneous functions.
It is brown and globular and its outer surface is covered with a mat of fibrils.
It is built in a combination of the Federal and Queen Anne architectural styles.
It is called the mercy rule because it spares further humiliation for the loser.
It is catering to business travelers and to the meetings and conventions market.
It is characterized by swelling and tenderness of the central plantar heel area.
It is classed as a noxious weed in some parts of the northeastern United States.
It is classified in Section Tazettae and is native to the western Mediterranean.
It is close to Chatsworth and most of it belongs to the Chatsworth House estate.
It is close to the railway track connecting Allahabad to Varanasi and Gorakhpur.
It is commonly known as Kogelbeengrotte by Afrikaans speaking community members.
It is commonly misidentified as O. lindheimeri and less commonly as O. bentonii.
It is commonly used as a boastful claim of dominance over the intended listener.
It is commonly used as a polymerization aid in the production of fluoropolymers.
It is commonly used as a textbook for scientific visualization graduate courses.
It is commonly used to calculate "maximum holding time" for any particular task.
It is common that people do not recognize the difference and use saws both ways.
It is composed of a mixture of potassium nitrite and concentrated sulfuric acid.
It is composed of lawyers and works to promote human rights and the rule of law.
It is composed of two portions separated by an articular disk of fibrocartilage.
It is connected to the community of Kars via the Belleisle Bay Ferry year round.
It is connected upstream via a wetland to Lake Opeta and drains into Lake Kyoga.
It is considered a founding text in economic sociology and sociology in general.
It is considered a pivotal event in the history of LGBT rights in San Francisco.
It is considered by many to be the Academy Award of the amusement park industry.
It is considered by some authorities to be a synonym of Schistura kohchangensis.
It is considered one of the classics of Pakistani television by some TV critics.
It is considered one of the more efficient yellow starthistle biocontrol agents.
It is considered one of the most sophisticated and stealthy ways of obfuscation.
It is considered the first brownstone constructed west of the Mississippi River.
It is considered the most common dissociative disorder amongst those documented.
It is considered the most serious and detrimental virus pathogen of these trees.
It is considered to be a dual purpose breed with good milking and draft prowess.
It is considered to be the most important tool of an auditor for a Single Audit.
It is constructed of coursed squared gritstone and ashlar with gray slate roofs.
It is covered by the Sai Kung North constituency at the Tai Po District Council.
It is currently a Presbyterian church with Rev Derek Bullen serving as minister.
It is currently being investigated as a topical microbicide for HIV prophylaxis.
It is currently being operated with Madhya Pradesh train numbers on daily basis.
It is currently graded as a school that is good by government inspectors Ofsted.
It is currently held by a coalition of the Liberal Party and the National Party.
It is currently held by Ben Morton a former state director of the Liberal Party.
It is currently managed as a trust property by the National Trust of Queensland.
It is currently occupied by the Sport New Zealand and other government entities.
It is currently played at Yankee Stadium after a Yankees player hits a home run.
It is currently seeking funding to be renovated and reopened in the near future.
It is currently the most northerly known native habitat of the Sabal minor palm.
It is currently undergoing decommissioning at the Chalk River Laboratories site.
It is currently used for football matches and is the home ground of FC Gorodeya.
It is currently used for football matches and is the home ground of SC Zofingen.
It is currently used mostly for soccer matches and also sometimes for athletics.
It is dedicated to the Virgin Mary whom Christians believe is the Mother of God.
It is designed to seat the pilot and passenger with a maximum unobstructed view.
It is developed by Disney Interactive Studios and Canadian studio Complex Games.
It is difficult to classify Antony and Cleopatra as belonging to a single genre.
It is directed by Erik Matti and stars Liza Soberano as the eponymous character.
It is directly positioned under Crawford County in the western part of Arkansas.
It is distinguished by its front clock tower topped by a statue of Lady Justice.
It is distinguished for being the westmost location in Mexico and Latin America.
It is distinguished from Brachystola virescens by its longer antennae and color.
It is distinguished from other aglaspidids by the extreme proximity of its eyes.
It is distinguished mainly by its tendency to construct ant guards on its nests.
It is due south of the town of Towcester to which it is connected by main roads.
It is during this period that the brain recovers from the trauma of the seizure.
It is edited by Harshal Pushkarna and is published by his father Nagendra Vijay.
It is enclosed within a bend in the Avon River and borders the suburb of Aranui.
It is endemic to Barahona Province in the Dominican Republic in the West Indies.
It is endemic to Hispaniola and occurs in both the Dominican Republic and Haiti.
It is endemic to Lake Albert in Uganda and the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
It is endemic to low altitude areas of the Atlantic Forest in south east Brazil.
It is endemic to Malaysia where it has only been found in the State of Selangor.
It is endemic to New Guinea and neighboring Cape York in the Australasian realm.
It is endemic to the Black Warrior River system of Alabama in the United States.
It is endemic to the upper Mobile River Basin in the southeastern United States.
It is endemic to wetland areas in central and eastern United States and Ontario.
It is enforced by the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development.
It is expanding in numbers as the Iraqw people absorb neighboring ethnic groups.
It is expected that the Boston congregation will eventually be transferred also.
It is expected that the funding will also be used to overhaul the system design.
It is few hours from North of Bangalore city in Midwest/Central region of India.
It is fished as part of mixed catch and is also collected as an ornamental fish.
It is formed during embryonic development through a process known as myogenesis.
It is found from central Mexico north to Utah and Colorado in the United States.
It is found from Chiapas in southern Mexico northward to New Mexico and Arizona.
It is found from Mexico south to Venezuela in most of Central and South America.
It is found from Morocco to the Arabian Peninsula southern Iran and Afghanistan.
It is found from the Sahara and the Arabian Desert to Bahrain and northern Oman.
It is found from the US states of Texas and New Mexico to Mexico and Costa Rica.
It is found in a range from the United States to Argentina and GalapagosIslands.
It is found in cold waters in the northwest Atlantic Ocean and in polar regions.
It is found in high altitude woodland where it tends to hide in the undergrowth.
It is found in Mexico and in both Texas and New Mexico within the United States.
It is found in northern Angola and the western Democratic Republic of the Congo.
It is found in rainforest and eucalypt forest as well as heathland in Australia.
It is found in southeastern Canada and the continental United States and Alaska.
It is found in the deciduous and coniferous forests of Europe and North America.
It is found in the eastern Andes of northwestern Argentina and southern Bolivia.
It is found in the intertidal zone of the western seaboard of the United States.
It is found in the lower Volga region and Ural region of Russia and Afghanistan.
It is found in the Pantanal of eastern Bolivia and adjacent southwestern Brazil.
It is found in the Pantepui region of southeastern Venezuela and western Guyana.
It is found in the Provence region and the Broadleaf Woodlands of North America.
It is found in the province of Limburg and the north of the province of Antwerp.
It is found in the Sechura Desert in southwestern Ecuador and northwestern Peru.
It is found in the southeastern Pacific Ocean along the coasts of South America.
It is found in the sublittoral zone of the continental shelf north of Australia.
It is found in the temperate parts of central and southern China and in Vietnam.
It is found mainly in the Malayan region but extends west into peninsular India.
It is found near the coast in Costa Rica and the extreme western part of Panama.
It is found only in Peru and Bolivia and has a narrow distribution in the Andes.
It is found only in the Eastern Ghats of Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu in India.
It is free and open source software released under a GNU General Public License.
It is fully accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools.
It is funded by the Australian government as part of its National Drug Strategy.
It is funded by the European Commission and was awarded of being a star project.
It is funded through a number of major corporate and Local Authority supporters.
It is further processed to become the chemical that gives feces its brown color.
It is generally acknowledged to be the first narrative English literary history.
It is generally considered the first commercially successful Australian musical.
It is generally viewed as one of the least successful of the Cold War alliances.
It is governed by the Burma Forest Service and the level of protection is total.
It is half in the civil parish of Hurley and half in the civil parish of Bisham.
It is held in a foam insert in the standard memory card holder in the disk case.
It is her seventh and last novel set in the Familias Regnant fictional universe.
It is hidden behind some trees and a metal fence blocks access to the platforms.
It is highly soluble in polar organic solvents such as acetone and acetonitrile.
It is highly unusual to find a state penitentiary in the middle of a major city.
It is his first feature and he also produced it besides his wife Sylvia Vivanco.
It is his first release on the Burnside label before moving to Rykodisc Records.
It is his third album released after changing his stage name from Medium to Tau.
It is home to a pharmaceutics plant belonging to Phoenix Chemicals of Liverpool.
It is home to the La Salle University Explorers basketball and volleyball teams.
It is home to the University of South Carolina Upstate Spartans basketball team.
It is included in the National Register of Historic Places of the United States.
It is included in the Oil Capital Historic District as a contributing structure.
It is included in the Vellore parliamentary constituency for national elections.
It is independently owned and has no affiliation with prior corporate ownership.
It is inhabited by introduced mudhens as well as the endangered Mohave tui chub.
It is in Richardsonian Romanesque style and was designed by William Halsey Wood.
It is intended to deal with major crises such as terrorism or natural disasters.
It is intended to realize the promise of equality enshrined in the Constitution.
It is in the civil parish of Stoke Edith being west of the village of that name.
It is in the east of the Choapam District in the south of the Papaloapan Region.
It is in the Great Lakes Basin and is a left tributary of the Shebandowan River.
It is in the Great Lakes Basin and is a right tributary of the Batchawana River.
It is in the Great Lakes Basin and lies within the Chapleau Crown Game Preserve.
It is in the James Bay drainage basin and is a tributary of the Whiteclay River.
It is in the Yorkshire Dales and was previously in the West Riding of Yorkshire.
It is known as a place with a very level prices and a famous tourist attraction.
It is known for its Gamelan selunding music and geringsing double ikat textiles.
It is known form the Middle and Upper Ordovician of Kentucky and Ohio in the US.
It is known for the impressed pits made by bone or wood implements in its sides.
It is known for the UNESCO World Heritage listed Australian Fossil Mammal Sites.
It is known to have been cultivated in England since the mid nineteenth century.
It is later expressed in the neural crest derived cells of the cranial ganglion.
It is led by Enrico Letta and that is why its members are often called Lettiani.
It is less common in campaigns of Continental Europe and East Asian democracies.
It is likely that both regions used the same East Greek examples as inspiration.
It is listed by Southwark London Borough Council as an asset of community value.
It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as a historic district.
It is lithophilic and grows in shady areas under trees among mosses and lichens.
It is located about a mile west of the west end of Mountain Lake in Cook County.
It is located about the intersection of Hulses Corner Road and Fort Plains Road.
It is located about three miles east of Yarmouth in the northwest of the island.
It is located along the Saint Lawrence River at the mouth of the Batiscan River.
It is located approximately an hour from the Tyrolean capital city of Innsbruck.
It is located at the border between the upper Liri River valley and the Marsica.
It is located at the intersection of Massachusetts Avenue and Huntington Avenue.
It is located at the intersection of San Marcos Boulevard and West Mission Road.
It is located between Govind Puri and Jasola Apollo stations on the Violet Line.
It is located between Jangpura and Moolchand on the Violet Line in Lajpat Nagar.
It is located between the Reuben H. Fleet Science Center and the Casa de Balboa.
It is located close to the border with South Africa and it has a primary school.
It is located in fare Zone A.It is named after the Spanish writer Concha Espina.
It is located in Region G of the City of Johannesburg Metropolitan Municipality.
It is located in southwestern Louisiana and forms a part of the Acadiana region.
It is located in the Annapolis Valley and runs from Annapolis Royal to Kingston.
It is located in the area with the same name in the neighborhood of Hegdehaugen.
It is located in the Beltangadi taluk of Dakshina Kannada district in Karnataka.
It is located in the Devanahalli taluk of Bangalore Rural district in Karnataka.
It is located in the Gauribidanur taluk of Chikkaballapur district in Karnataka.
It is located in the Indonesian territory of Kalimantan on the island of Borneo.
It is located in the junction of Resalat Expressway and Ayatollah Madani Avenue.
It is located in the Naval Live Oaks Area of the Gulf Islands National Seashore.
It is located in the north west of the Greater Buenos Aires urban agglomeration.
It is located in the peaceful outskirts of Peshawar city on main Charsadda Road.
It is located in the Ramanagaram taluk of Bangalore Rural district in Karnataka.
It is located in the south of the district where it borders Abbottabad District.
It is located in Treaty Oak Park in the Southbank area of Downtown Jacksonville.
It is located in West Godavari district and is a few miles away from Bhimavaram.
It is located in Yadagirigutta mandal of Aler Constituency and Bhongir division.
It is located just to the southwest of Crosslands in the civil parish of Colton.
It is located near the lunar equator on the far side of the Moon from the Earth.
It is located next to the embassies of Mozambique and Liberia on Fitzroy Square.
It is located on the border between the Western Cape and Eastern Cape provinces.
It is located on the border of Prince William and Fauquier counties in Virginia.
It is located on the coast of the Tasman Sea to the east of the Princes Highway.
It is located on the eastern part of Danforth Avenue in the old city of Toronto.
It is located on the intersection of Via Consolata and Via Carlo Ignazio Giulio.
It is located on the main island of Saint Kitts and the parish capital is Cayon.
It is located on the northeast corner of the junction of First and Main Streets.
It is located on the Richardson Highway at the junction with the Denali Highway.
It is located on the rim of Batts Combe quarry between Shipham and Charterhouse.
It is located on the Sacramento River in the northeastern portion of the county.
It is located on the slopes of Monte Vulture in the northern part of the region.
It is located roughly between the city of Tallahassee and the town of St. Marks.
It is located roughly halfway between the cities of Prince Albert and Saskatoon.
It is located to the southeast of Brough and on the eastern side of Setter Hill.
It is located to the south of the city of Melbourne on the Mornington Peninsula.
It is located west of the Ober Gabelhorn between the valleys of Zinal and Zmutt.
It is located within the central business district of the Village of Post Mills.
It is loosely based on the comic character Riccardo Finzi created by Max Bunker.
It is loosely based on the novel of the same name written by Vitaliano Brancati.
It is loosely based on the novel with the same name written by Luigi Pirandello.
It is loosely based on the stage drama La moglie del dottore by Silvio Zambaldi.
It is loosely based on the true story of the Wortman family of British Columbia.
It is made either by submerging the coca leaf or dipping a tea bag in hot water.
It is made of wheat flour dough baked in ashes by the side of an open wood fire.
It is mainly grown in the Gaillac and Limoux regions in the southwest of France.
It is mainly popular during the summer because of its main focus on water rides.
It is mainly used for Association football and is the home ground for Nepean FC.
It is maintained and operated by the Mount Holyoke College Astronomy Department.
It is maintained by the Department of National Museum of the central government.
It is maintained by the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation.
It is maintained by the Nobrega Association for Education and Social Assistance.
It is Malt extract medium modified by the addition of Yeast extract and peptone.
It is managed as an autonomous professional body under the Ministry of Commerce.
It is managed by the DNU association which also runs the MSP school in Dindigul.
It is manufactured by adding silver chloride to a solution of potassium cyanide.
It is manufactured by a number of companies worldwide under several brand names.
It is marketed in France under the trade name Octoplus and in Italy as Gramplus.
It is meant to celebrate the family farm and estate upon which Lilburn was born.
It is modeled on Namur Cathedral in Belgium and is a Category A listed building.
It is more known for its BBC Micro model B computer than for its other products.
It is most closely associated with invasive ductal carcinoma of no special type.
It is most closely related to Pseudonocardia antarctica and Pseudonocardia alni.
It is most famous for being the location of the Manor of Ditton and Ditton Park.
It is most prolific in the West and Midwest of North America in July and August.
It is mottled and streaked gray with lighter hindwings and is somewhat variable.
It is mutually intelligible with Mount Iriga Agta on the other side of the lake.
It is named after a ferry that used to cross the river near the existing bridge.
It is named after the longtime Magdeburg mayor Carl Gustav Friedrich Hasselbach.
It is named after the philanthropist Jagannath Shankarshet also known as "Nana".
It is named for the large loop or horseshoe bend in the nearby Strawberry River.
It is natively spoken by Berbers in the High Atlas mountains in central Morocco.
It is native to arctic regions and mountainous parts of the Northern Hemisphere.
It is native to Australia and in the past considered as a game bird for hunting.
It is native to Chihuahua and Coahuila in Mexico and Texas in the United States.
It is native to Chihuahua and Sonora in Mexico and Arizona in the United States.
It is native to high latitudes and high elevations in Eurasia and North America.
It is native to North America where it is found in the Upper Mississippi Valley.
It is native to southwestern Utah and northwestern Arizona in the United States.
It is native to the desert slopes and woodland of eastern California and Nevada.
It is native to the states of Nevada and Utah in the southwestern United States.
It is native to tropical forests and montane forests of North and South America.
It is native to tropical West Africa where it occurs on grassland and crop land.
It is native to western North America from Alaska to Saskatchewan to California.
It is near Lake Lyndon and is located within Korowai/Torlesse Tussocklands Park.
It is nearly universally accepted that hydrogenosomes evolved from mitochondria.
It is near the center of the Missouri Rhineland and south of the Missouri River.
It is necessary to attend technological and natural science training at the HBO.
It is next to the city of Miami Springs and across the Miami River from Hialeah.
It is normally served over ice and garnished with a lemon and possibly a cherry.
It is notable for and is named after the dozen or so potato cod that live there.
It is notable for being located near the site of the Philadelphia Folk Festival.
It is notable for being the first State Radio release available in vinyl format.
It is notable for its Masala Dosas which come in butter and non butter variants.
It is notable today for the presence of Center Parcs and a red squirrel reserve.
It is not far from the Nameless Sylvan Reserve owned by Bush Heritage Australia.
It is not known if West Compo had a civilian career after her Navy career ended.
It is not listed on the conservation priority list of the Livestock Conservancy.
It is not necessary to actually own a good to exhibit the mere ownership effect.
It is not quite as sensational in style as The Moonstone and The Woman in White.
It is not recommended in people who have a history of anaphylaxis to penicillin.
It is not to be confused with the big band tune of the same name by Ralph Burns.
It is now a bridleway which runs between Hendon Golf Course and Hendon Cemetery.
It is now a common shore protection measure used by public and private entities.
It is now a hot spot for nightlife with a number of trendy bars and restaurants.
It is now among the fastest growing school districts in the State of California.
It is now a neighborhood within the suburb of New Farm centered on Merthyr Road.
It is now a requirement for every NHS organization to have a Caldicott guardian.
It is now owned and operated by the Fuerst family of Success Education Colleges.
It is now ranked as the fourth deadliest assembly and club fire in U.S. history.
It is now surrounded by the Palisades Center shopping mall and its parking lots.
It is now the main ground for the county and hosts the majority of home matches.
It is now the oldest and highest order of chivalry in the British honors system.
It is now used as a commercial building that contains a variety of developments.
It is occasionally used on both excursion trains and in revenue freight service.
It is occurs in the temperate and tropical waters of the eastern Atlantic Ocean.
It is of industrial importance and used for heavy metal remediation and sensing.
It is often caused by the combination of menstruation with an imperforate hymen.
It is often referred to as the Master of Teaching degree or MTeach in Australia.
It is of the genus Haematobia which is the European genus of bloodsucking flies.
It is one of fifteen community/junior colleges serving the state of Mississippi.
It is one of only a handful of city school systems left in the state of Georgia.
It is one of several Bantu languages of the Zambezi which have click consonants.
It is one of several bat conservation organizations active in the United States.
It is one of several Chandella era inscriptions that mention a Grahapati family.
It is one of several noted associations and possible risks of street heroin use.
It is one of six luxury lifestyle magazines published by Gulfstream Media Group.
It is one of six remaining Tennessee courthouses dating to before the Civil War.
It is one of the better known and widely read poems in modern Indian literature.
It is one of the contractors working on the website for Healthcare Marketplaces.
It is one of the entry point projects under the Economic Transformation Program.
It is one of the events which led to the Constitutional Convention a year later.
It is one of the few remaining rustic cabins within the state parks of Michigan.
It is one of the first manga put out by the company that were not made in Japan.
It is one of the five high schools in the Red Clay Consolidated School District.
It is one of the fourteen branch of schools serving in different parts of assam.
It is one of their most popular songs and is taken from the debut album Finally.
It is one of the largest and most important medieval Gothic buildings in Europe.
It is one of the largest private collections of artillery and AFVs in the world.
It is one of the last remaining examples of a citrus packing house in Fullerton.
It is one of the main venues of Bangladesh Championship League and Dhaka League.
It is one of the major considerations when blending coking coal for export sale.
It is one of the major hospitals of the Betsi Cadwaladr University Health Board.
It is one of the most important connecting links between Kolkata and Bangladesh.
It is one of the most important correctional and detention centers in the state.
It is one of the most important diseases of stone fruit tree all over the world.
It is one of the most reputed journals in the field of Computer Hardware Design.
It is one of the oldest and institutes for higher studies in textiles in Russia.
It is one of the oldest Maya objects using the Mesoamerican Long Count calendar.
It is one of the oldest Radio orchestras in the world and the oldest in Germany.
It is one of the seven conservation areas within the Thurrock Unitary Authority.
It is one of the systems used for speed limit enforcement in the United Kingdom.
It is one of the tallest buildings and is located at the south part of Surabaya.
It is one of the ten colleges in the Maricopa County Community College District.
It is one of the twelve schools in the Chaffey Joint Union High School District.
It is one of the very few number one albums not to be available on CD in the UK.
It is one of three high schools in the Ector County Independent School District.
It is one of three hospital campuses that are part of Cambridge Health Alliance.
It is one of two hospitals in the Wong Tai Sin area in New Kowloon of Hong Kong.
It is one of two hospitals run by The Hillingdon Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust.
It is one of two Steve Miller Band songs that feature the nonce word "pompatus".
It is only known from its male holotype that was caught at the Mahafaly Plateau.
It is only known from the Brindabella Range where it grows in Eucalyptus forest.
It is on the banks of the Canning River and adjoins Canning River Regional Park.
It is on the Pascack Valley Line and is located at Broadway and Westwood Avenue.
It is operated by a joint venture of Foxtel Networks and MTV Networks Australia.
It is operated by Spanish Broadcasting System under a local marketing agreement.
It is oviparous and produces oblong egg capsules with stiff horn in each corner.
It is owned by Claudio Mario Bres Medina and is known as La Rancherita del Aire.
It is owned by Grupo Audiorama and is known as Buenisiima with a grupera format.
It is owned by Rochford District Council and managed by Hawkwell Parish Council.
It is owned by Southrepps Parish Council and managed by Southrepps Common Group.
It is owned by the successors of Francisco Vidal Esquer and known as Radio Ures.
It is owned by Welcome Break and is situated adjacent to the Membury Radio Mast.
It is part of a program which aims to launch more of these educational CubeSats.
It is part of the Augusta metropolitan area and the Central Savannah River Area.
It is part of the Great Lakes Basin and is a right tributary of the Rouge River.
It is part of the Historic Pensacola Village in the Pensacola Historic District.
It is part of the Misraq Welega Zone and it was part of former Bila Seyo woreda.
It is part of the Misraq Welega Zone and it was part of former Diga Leka woreda.
It is part of the MOPAC program and was developed in the group of Michael Dewar.
It is part of the national rail network and formerly part of the Wairarapa Line.
It is part of the Ordovician stratigraphy of the Upper Midwestern United States.
It is part of the Pittsburgh metropolitan area in the western part of the state.
It is part of the Sidney Independent School District located in Comanche County.
It is part of the Tlacolula District in the east of the Valles Centrales Region.
It is part of the township of Woolwich in the Regional Municipality of Waterloo.
It is performed by closing the internal ring with a pad made of the hernial sac.
It is pierced by the internal laryngeal nerve and the superior laryngeal artery.
It is placed in the family Pelanechinidae and is in the stem group of echinoids.
It is popular in cultivation but extremely rare in its natural habitat in Kenya.
It is popularly known as Tribal Museumand conceptually labeled as Museum of Man.
It is possible that initially none of the radio buttons in a group are selected.
It is possible that new Shen Gong Wu were made specifically for this video game.
It is possible that some natural hazards are intertemporally correlated as well.
It is practiced on tall or more vertical faces with few ledges and small cracks.
It is prepared according to the formulation of Andrews and Presnell given below.
It is prepared by treating chlorodiphenylphosphine with vinyl Grignard reagents.
It is present at Diamond Head on Oahu and the Pohakuloa Training Area on Hawaii.
It is present in Helicine arteries of penis and in the patent ductus arteriosus.
It is primarily known for its crisis management services and political lobbying.
It is printed four times a week and has an online edition that is updated daily.
It is produced and written by Vikram Bhatt and director by Anupam Santosh Saroj.
It is published by Accord Media and features photos by A.E Fletcher Photography.
It is published by Elsevier on behalf of the International Solar Energy Society.
It is published by SAGE Publishing on behalf of the Diabetes Technology Society.
It is published on Fridays in the Berliner format from its Kyrenia headquarters.
It is published Saturday and Sunday mornings and Monday through Friday evenings.
It is purchased at a premium if its purchase price exceeds its redemption value.
It is quite possible that original tapes that belonged to GRT were lost forever.
It is ranked third in the Gallantry Decorations in the Australian Honors System.
It is rare for a forensic artist to specialize in more than one of these skills.
It is rare to have bilateral neck swelling due to internal jugular vein ectasia.
It is recognized and awarded internationally by various branches of the program.
It is recognized by the Election Commission of India as a State Party in Kerala.
It is regarded as one of the important precursors of a future Nobel Prize award.
It is registered in the Central Registry at the Ministry of Justice of Bulgaria.
It is related to distribution automation that can be enabled via the smart grid.
It is represented by and has representatives on the Mar Vista Community Council.
It is reprised later on once she is allowed out of the tower for the first time.
It is responsible for protecting the Belarusian people during natural disasters.
It is responsible for providing the cartography needs of the South African Army.
It is responsible for the import of foods under Bangladesh government contracts.
It is responsible for the production of defense equipment and civilian products.
It is run by four Director Trustees and is supported by the Ministry of Defense.
It is run by In Demand Networks and is carried on some cable television systems.
It is safe for people over three months of age and can be used during pregnancy.
It is said that some of his companions also died with him unwilling to part him.
It is said this area is haunted by a ghoulish apparition without a visible head.
It is scheduled to be served by the SunRail commuter rail service in the future.
It is separated from the "mainland" of Skye by a small sound called An Doirneil.
It is served by the Middletown post office and the Lakota Local School District.
It is served by the Woodley Park Metro station on the Washington Metro Red Line.
It is sheathed in weatherboard and features a projecting central gabled portico.
It is similar to D. pardina which has darker flowers with larger brown markings.
It is similar to Java Web Start for the Java Platform or Zero Install for Linux.
It is similar to motivational interviewing and motivational enhancement therapy.
It is similar to the fundamentals of the church of the flying spaghetti monster.
It is situated along the Greenbrier River within the Greenbrier River Watershed.
It is situated along the Midland Railway Line between Craigieburn and Staircase.
It is situated immediately west of Rainy Pass and two miles east of Corteo Peak.
It is situated in central Leeds on Leeds City Square near Leeds railway station.
It is situated in Dongargarh town in Rajnandgaon district of Chhattisgarh state.
It is situated in North East frontier Zone in Katihar railway division of India.
It is situated in the municipality of Katwijk and the province of South Holland.
It is situated in the northern zone of Hardenhuish Park on the Hardenhuish Lane.
It is situated in the upper Turtmanntal and is traversed by the Turtmanna river.
It is situated just off the North West Coastal Highway and on the Oakagee River.
It is situated northwest of Burroughs Mountain and is part of the Cascade Range.
It is situated on Old Warwick Road towards the southern edge of the town center.
It is situated on the Darling Scarp and is known for the brook of the same name.
It is situated on the ridge separating the Baltschiedertal and the Gredetschtal.
It is situated on the south east coast of the island in the district of Palauli.
It is situated on the traditional territory of the Vuntut Gwitchin First Nation.
It is situated within the civil parish of Boho and Fermanagh and Omagh district.
It is so called because of the pile of four cards at the corners of the tableau.
It is sometimes called the plasmablastic form of multicentric Castleman disease.
It is sometimes known as the horned toad in English and Sapo Cornudo in Spanish.
It is sometimes necessary because of the legal requirement for trailer lighting.
It is sometimes referred to as Archbishop Carroll High School or Dayton Carroll.
It is somewhat distinctive for having a single long dorsal fin which leans back.
It is so named after the visit of King Charles II on the eve of his restoration.
It is so named because the King and Queen of each suit seem to watch the action.
It is spoken by the Kashia Band of Pomo Indians of the Stewarts Point Rancheria.
It is suitable for use by parents of babies aged from six months to three years.
It is supported by a white man and an American Indian and is crested by a sloop.
It is supposed to have been patterned after the Sultan Ahmed Mosque in Istanbul.
It is supposed to symbolize the black or purple cloth armbands worn by mourners.
It is surmounted by Bogdan Ridge to the north and Benkovski Nunatak to the west.
It is surrounded by Bilat Tehsil towards South and Koyu Tehsil towards the West.
It is the administrative center of the Opala Section and of the Opala Territory.
It is the association football club affiliated with the University of Melbourne.
It is the capital city and the seat of government of the province of Pangasinan.
It is the company that has the exclusive license to sell Pepsi products in Iraq.
It is the county seat of Converse County and the home of the Wyoming State Fair.
It is the debut film by writer/director and SFX makeup artist Robert Green Hall.
It is the debut film of Sanjana Banerjee along with Yash Dasgupta in lead roles.
It is the earliest of three bridges that span the Godavari River at Rajahmundry.
It is the easternmost city in the Philippines in terms of geographical location.
It is the eastern terminus of the Red Line and the bus rapid transit HealthLine.
It is the fifth book published and eighth chronologically in the Redwall series.
It is the first album released with new singer Al Rumjen formerly of King Prawn.
It is the first Canon camera in this class that has an external microphone jack.
It is the first Dragon Ball video game to feature Bulma as a playable character.
It is the first film that he directed for the Films Albatros production company.
It is the first game in the Alien vs. Predator franchise developed by Rebellion.
It is the first lead single by Keith that does not feature as the opening track.
It is the first military/civilian shared hospital facility in the United States.
It is the first of four books generally referred to as The Shadowmancer Quartet.
It is the first organization specifically focused on the space tourism industry.
It is the first single released in support of their second album Green Thoughts.
It is the first station of a city railroad of Daegu connected with this college.
It is the first to feature new vocalist BJ Cook and new guitarist Josh Braddock.
It is the first tokamak to employ superconducting toroidal and poloidal magnets.
It is the first Wire album without the participation of guitarist Bruce Gilbert.
It is the fourth and most financially successful entry in the Rocky film series.
It is the fourth book published and sixth chronologically in the Redwall series.
It is the Headquarters for one of the four zones of Erode Municipal Corporation.
It is the headquarters of the Middle Mississippi River National Wildlife Refuge.
It is the highest elevation named lake in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area.
It is the home ground of Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina side FK Krupa.
It is the home ground of the Burnside West Christchurch University Cricket Club.
It is the home of the Castlebar Mitchels GAA and Mayo GAA Gaelic football teams.
It is the home of the Chilliwack Huskers of the Canadian Junior Football League.
It is their first album featuring an appearance by female singer Riina Rinkinen.
It is the largest airport in Papua and the main hub to the rural areas of Papua.
It is the largest airport in the country and serves as the base of Air Zimbabwe.
It is the largest earth dam in India and the second largest of its kind in Asia.
It is the largest literary magazine in the Italian speaking part of Switzerland.
It is the largest passenger and cargo shipping company in the Baltic Sea region.
It is the largest river island between the Old Hickory Dam and the Cheatham Dam.
It is the largest Scottish Borders club not to participate in the Border League.
It is the largest town of the wider Borough of Boston local government district.
It is the last album that Master Joe and OG Black work on because they broke up.
It is the last album to feature longtime German lead guitarist Michael Schenker.
It is the last solo studio album by the artist to contain explicit lyrics in it.
It is the least populated high school in all of Anglophone East School District.
It is the location of the largest colony of herons in the U.S. north of Florida.
It is the main jail complex of the county and is located in the city of Houston.
It is the major component of the protoberberine extract from Enantia chlorantha.
It is the mandal headquarters of A.Konduru mandal under Nuzvid revenue division.
It is the mandal headquarters of Chinnaganjam mandal in Ongole revenue division.
It is the mandal headquarters of Mundlamuru mandal in Kandukur revenue division.
It is the mandal headquarters of Raptadu mandal in Dharmavaram revenue division.
It is the mandal headquarters of Tadipatri mandal in Anantapur revenue division.
It is the mass to which force must be applied to accelerate that is not payload.
It is the most complex of the Frank Lloyd Wright designed New Jersey residences.
It is the most extensive collection of bells that are still in use in the world.
It is the most studied model of hypertension measured as number of publications.
It is the mouthpiece newspaper of the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam political party.
It is the national affiliate of the International Planned Parenthood Federation.
It is then drawn off by extraction wells some distance away from the water body.
It is the newest of five high schools in the Scottsdale Unified School District.
It is the new home of Afyonkarahisarspor of the Turkish Regional Amateur League.
It is the New York State affiliate of the National Endowment for the Humanities.
It is the ninth chapter in the Nico Giraldi film series starred by Tomas Milian.
It is the official journal for the Association of Gay and Lesbian Psychiatrists.
It is the oldest and largest series of Adventure Running races in North America.
It is the oldest continually operated library building in the state of Michigan.
It is the oldest continually operating cheese manufacturer in the United States.
It is the oldest Cyrillic manuscript currently held by any Bulgarian collection.
It is the oldest extant example of a metal Pratt truss bridge in New York State.
It is the oldest plantation in Savannah and one of the oldest houses in Georgia.
It is the oldest store building along the north coast of San Luis Obispo County.
It is the one of the biggest electricity generating schemes in Tamil Nadu State.
It is the only entrance for shipping into Port Phillip and hence into Melbourne.
It is the only episode of the entire series in which Edie Falco does not appear.
It is the only film festival of its kind on the Navajo Nation currently to date.
It is the only high school in the New Richmond Exempted Village School District.
It is the only major port of Karnataka and is the seventh largest port in India.
It is the only MTV Films production not to be distributed by Paramount Pictures.
It is the only pinball machine that features an additional daily highscore list.
It is the only public high school in the Reading Community City School District.
It is the only publicly funded state historic site devoted to the Haudenosaunee.
It is the only single released in support of their fifth album Uncle Anesthesia.
It is the only tribal operated hospital with Magnet Status in the United States.
It is the organizational name for contemporary The Wesleyan Church in Australia.
It is the primary access point for Old Rag Mountain in Shenandoah National Park.
It is the professional association for engineers in the country of the Maldives.
It is therefore able to incorporate full linguistic knowledge at an early stage.
It is therefore important to the study of the development of Kannada literature.
It is the same tool that triggered the Sony BMG copy protection rootkit scandal.
It is the Scottish equivalent of the Cabinet Office Briefing Rooms in Whitehall.
It is the second and last book that Arkham published with Pellegrini and Cudahy.
It is the second book in the series published posthumously from Terry Pratchett.
It is the second book published and third chronologically in the Redwall series.
It is the second film version of the novel of the same name by William Faulkner.
It is the second game based on the French animated television series Code Lyoko.
It is the second most populous township in Benson County after Mission Township.
It is the second of three loosely connected episodes called "The Monks Trilogy".
It is the second single and title track from their sixth album of the same name.
It is the second single released in support of their sixth album Sweet Oblivion.
It is the second station in the town of Tinsukia after the old Tinsukia Station.
It is the sequel to Champions of Norrath and was developed by Snowblind Studios.
It is the seventh and final studio album released by Lennon during his lifetime.
It is the seventh overall male tag team championship to have existed in the WWE.
It is the sixth chapter in the Nico Giraldi film series starred by Tomas Milian.
It is the sixth short subject starring Buster Keaton made for Columbia Pictures.
It is the source of the glucuronosyl group in glucuronosyltransferase reactions.
It is the start of the walk to the impressive Falls of Glomach via Glen Elchaig.
It is the structure that holds the uterus suspended inside the abdominal cavity.
It is the tenth chapter in the Nico Giraldi film series starred by Tomas Milian.
It is the third and final single released in support of his album Peggy Suicide.
It is the third chapter in the Nico Giraldi film series starred by Tomas Milian.
It is the third in a trilogy of films directed by Lautner and starring Meurisse.
It is the third largest urban area in Ceredigion after Aberystwyth and Cardigan.
It is the third most populous metropolitan area in India after Delhi and Mumbai.
It is the third single released in support of their second album Green Thoughts.
It is the third track on Tattoos and the eleventh and final track on Talk Dirty.
It is the type specimen and by far the largest meteorite of the winonaite group.
It is the western terminus of the Gladstone Branch of the Morris and Essex line.
It is thought that he is the only man ever to have attempted this route by bike.
It is thought to have been closely related to Hispanochampsa and Procaimanoidea.
It is threatened by habitat loss and hunting for food with dogs by local people.
It is threatened by habitat loss due to feral sheep and predation by feral cats.
It is threatened by overexploitation and the development of its coastal habitat.
It is thus similar to the Ross Glendinning Medal awarded in Western Derby games.
It is topped by a hipped roof and has eight stone chimneys and a center parapet.
It is totally customizable and can be adapted to just about any type of cluster.
It is traditionally considered as a step race of Hong Kong Mile in Japan Racing.
It is traditionally served out of a gourd made of the shell of the jicaro fruit.
It is typically eaten without the aid of utensils accompanied with a bread roll.
It is typically given at night to try to keep blood sugar levels from going low.
It is uncertain whether other attacks were carried out by the same organization.
It is unclear if doses should be changed in those with kidney or liver problems.
It is under Solapur railway division of Central Railway Zone of Indian Railways.
It is under the pastoral responsibility of Archbishop Tarcisius Gervazio Ziyaye.
It is under the pastoral responsibility of Archbishop Vincentius Sensi Potokota.
It is under the preview of the Ministry of Youth Affairs and Skills Development.
It is up to a group of people to stop it or at least get out of Snowfield alive.
It is used as an indicator in agar for detection of lipase activity in bacteria.
It is used as a storage protein and commonly found in plants like pea or lentil.
It is used by Annecy F.C. and Evian Thonon Gaillard F.C. for their home matches.
It is used by attackers for advanced persistent threats to survey their victims.
It is used by employers in the business world to evaluate employment candidates.
It is used by shoemakers and cordwainers in the manufacture and repair of shoes.
It is used for the design and analysis of both imaging and illumination systems.
It is used in situations where the former owner retains possession of the goods.
It is used in the manufacture of pharmaceuticals and plant protection compounds.
It is used mainly as an antidote to poisoning with organophosphate nerve agents.
It is used mostly for basketball as the home arena of the Maratonistas de Coamo.
It is used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Kastamonu Spor.
It is used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Ebusua Dwarfs.
It is used to explain variations in the effects in the consequences of behavior.
It is used to identify problems with the cranial nerves by physical examination.
It is used with a solar tracking system to keep the instrument aimed at the sun.
It is usually a combination of one part tomato ketchup and two parts mayonnaise.
It is usually formulated as the pivalic acid ester prodrug flumetasone pivalate.
It is usually referred to by mainland media as the Taiwan Region or Taiwan Area.
It is usually used to refer to a recording of the transition between two phones.
It is well connected with other parts of the city by various means of transport.
It is well known for its habit of using its wings to form a canopy when fishing.
It is well known for its use in exterior shots of the Newhart television series.
It is widely considered a classic series from the golden era of adventure games.
It is widely considered to be the foundation of modern Christian fundamentalism.
It is widely distributed in suitable habitat throughout the lowlands of Britain.
It is widely known to the coaster enthusiasts because of its lack of restraints.
It is widely used for example in the NetHack community for storing game replays.
It is widely used to study systems consisting of hundreds to thousands of atoms.
It is widespread from Tamaulipas west to Sinaloa and south as far as Costa Rica.
It is within Little Munden civil parish and East Hertfordshire District Council.
It is within the Holiness movement and has its theological roots in Wesleyanism.
It is within the San Fernando Pastoral Region of the Archdiocese of Los Angeles.
It is worth noting that the variations due to differing wordlists weigh on this.
It is written by Chad Boyer and Eric McClanahan and directed by Eric McClanahan.
It is written in C++\Qt and distributed as free software under the LGPL License.
It is written in Middle High German and is a lament to the passage of the years.
It joined the government of Antoine Gizenga where Mbusa became Foreign Minister.
ITK is a member of the TEC family of kinases and is highly expressed in T cells.
It lacks an expanded outer series of herbaceous involucral bracts or phyllaries.
It laid down the predictions and expectations of on coming politics in Pakistan.
It later expanded to jobs for recent graduates within a few years after college.
It leaves various opportunities for the psychotherapist to influence the client.
It lies adjacent to the River Derwent between Sutton upon Derwent and Menthorpe.
It lies approximately halfway between the Col de Balme and the Aiguille du Tour.
It lies between Manhattanville to the south and Washington Heights to the north.
It lies between the vegetated sand fields of the Great Sandy and Gibson Deserts.
It lies in a secluded valley between the villages of Scorton and Middleton Tyas.
It lies in the intersection of the most important traffic routes of Switzerland.
It lies just outside the north of Mandalay city and beside the Ayeyarwady river.
It lies some two kilometers north of the Christchurch Central Business District.
It lies to the east and somewhat south of the slightly larger crater Timocharis.
It lies to the northwest of Mare Spumans and southeast of the crater Apollonius.
It lies within the Lagan Valley Regional Park and the Lisburn City Council area.
It lives in shallow coastal waters on the western fringes of the Atlantic Ocean.
It looks very similar to its close relative Rhus glauca but has larger leaflets.
It made runs between Lake Athabaska and Great Slave Lake is generally navigable.
It maintains a Civic Association and a private park and swim club for residents.
It makes a number of recommendations and provides discussions of relevant areas.
It maps the elements in one schema to the equivalent elements in another schema.
It marked the first time the band visited countries such as Japan and Australia.
It marked the last time during the apartheid era that any other party won seats.
It marks the first collaboration between the former lovers and longtime friends.
It may also be considered a subset of the theorized Internet addiction disorder.
It may also be helium deficient as the lines of helium are weaker than expected.
It may also describe procedures for handling special requests and contingencies.
It may be classified as a type of factitious disorder or as a medical fetishism.
It may be necessary to detail more soldiers to scouting and communication roles.
It may be passed for further operations and to the data warehouse for reporting.
It may be recalled for its video featuring TV weatherman John Kettley in person.
It meetsup with several other trails at a cleared space known as "The Junction."
It mirrors the adjacent church of Santa Cristina and faces the Piazza San Carlo.
It now also serves the Low Country area of South Carolina as The Blood Alliance.
It now houses the Danish Architecture Center and the National Workshops for Art.
It obtains its name due to its resemblance to an old fashioned Japanese stirrup.
It occupies the northeast corner on Grand River Avenue and Washington Boulevard.
It occupies the often problematic territory between the visual arts and theater.
It occurs in sphagnum bogs and wet heathland on the Baw Baw plateau in Victoria.
It occurs mostly as a subsurface geologic formation composed of layers of shale.
It occurs notably in proliferation along the Olduvai Gorge in northern Tanzania.
It occurs only in northeastern Brazil and was formerly included in C. subflavus.
It occurs widely in the Eastern Cape and Western Cape provinces of South Africa.
It offers a wide range of extracurricular activities and academic opportunities.
It offers diversified investment opportunities and advisory services to clients.
It offers exceptional cruising speeds and is economical to operate and maintain.
It offers financial services to air transportation employees and their families.
It offers numerous algorithms and data structures for machine learning problems.
It offers the degree programs in ten disciplines and ten post graduate programs.
It often attracted high quality entries from the Formula One World Championship.
It on Eve is the seventh studio album by Australian recording artist Adam Brand.
It only needs net income data and book values of the investment during its life.
It operated scheduled and charter services in Nigeria and neighboring countries.
It operated steamboats between New York City and the eastern end of Long Island.
It operates a number of online multiplayer gaming servers and a community forum.
It operates as an entertainment company that primarily produces motion pictures.
It operates by swinging over the canal and dropping wicket gates into the water.
It operates charter flights between Indonesian cities and other Asian countries.
It operates either as a command line program or with a graphical user interface.
It operates under the Department of Science Education at the Faculty of Science.
It organizes Great Britain teams for men and women in international competition.
It originally sold cutting tools and accessories to New York City machine shops.
It overlooks the Cherwell valley that divides Northamptonshire from Oxfordshire.
It overlooks the River Thames near Putney Bridge and the start of the Boat Race.
It overlooks the Tawi river on one side and on the other side the Trikuta hills.
It oversees the Ethiopian National Defense Force and Ethiopian Defense Industry.
It passed a landmark order for the establishment of the Bangla Academy in Dhaka.
It passes through the opening in the adductor magnus to become the femoral vein.
It peaked at ninth place on the Oricon weekly chart and charted for seven weeks.
It peaked at seventh place on the Oricon weekly chart and charted for six weeks.
It peaked at third place on the Oricon weekly chart and charted for seven weeks.
It permits patients to book appointments on line and order repeat prescriptions.
It plans to take up the road work in the remaining stretches in a phased manner.
It played a major role in defending Halifax Harbor and is now a provincial park.
It played an important role in the development of rice production in the region.
It played a significant role in the creation of Giant Sequoia National Monument.
It pollinates the common fig Ficus carica and the closely related Ficus palmata.
It premiered during the second season of television series Scream Queens on Fox.
It produces traditional Tibetan rugs that are exported worldwide through Canton.
It projects outward medially and is the site of insertion for scalenus anterior.
It proved unpopular as a treatment because of its pronounced stimulant activity.
It provided easy access for trade and transportation to the southern gold mines.
It provides a form of market exclusivity outside that provided by patent rights.
It provides an interactive interface similar to that of traditional FTP clients.
It provides consultation services to federal agencies on information technology.
It provides federal funding for conservation easements and fee simple purchases.
It provides good angling opportunities for rainbow trout in years of high water.
It provides goods and services business to business and to the education sector.
It provides opportunities for pupils to gain radio work experience and training.
It provides undergraduate and graduate level education in an accelerated format.
It published both original hardcover and reprinted mass market paperback novels.
It publishes information in the fields of anthropology and applied anthropology.
It ran for a total of six issues and has been reprinted in trade paperback form.
It receives Dupuyer Creek and joins the Two Medicine in northern Pondera County.
It receives upper motor neuron innervation directly via the corticobulbar tract.
It records the vision of Saint Peter and his meeting with Cornelius in Caesarea.
It reduces the value of capital that is why it is separated from GDP to get NDP.
It released with a big hype featuring a full page ad in Daily thanthi newspaper.
It remained atop the latter chart for six weeks in July and August of that year.
It replaced most of Westgate ward and parts of South Jesmond and Ouseburn wards.
It replaced the Oman Currency Board as the principal currency authority in Oman.
It represented a majority of the major newspaper magazines in the United States.
It represents the interests of international schools on the continent of Africa.
It runs a Tamil magazine Vidiyal Velli that highlights various aspects of Islam.
It runs from Broadway in the south to the northern tip of the Pyrmont peninsula.
It runs parallel with Queensway through much of its length at an elevated level.
Its advantage is that periodic testing does not require separate test processes.
Its aim is to "live in accordance with the justice and charity of Jesus Christ".
Its aim is to recover the Golan Heights from Israel through a military campaign.
Its area formed part of the East Yorkshire district in the county of Humberside.
Its audience was people in the Silicon Valley who were interested in technology.
Its business mainly focused on the chartering of private jets and luxury travel.
Its cadre was made up of members of the Fascist Struggle Organization of Sweden.
Its catalog is now owned by Universal Music Group and managed by Geffen Records.
Its cells are motile and possess one subterminal sheathed flagellum at each end.
Its clients included UK government departments and private sector organizations.
Its close orbit means it belongs to a class of exoplanets known as hot Jupiters.
Its common names also include narrowhead garter snake and narrowhead watersnake.
Its Constitution was patterned after that of the Lutheran Free Church of Norway.
Its consumption by humans has been mentioned since fourth century AD literature.
Its core products include Enterprise Cloud Data Management and Data Integration.
It screened on ABC and was produced by Oscar Whitbread and starred Frank Thring.
It screens German and international films and awards them in various categories.
It screens short and feature films and premieres movies from all over the world.
Its critical function is to limit the reflux of colonic contents into the ileum.
Its current Artistic Director and Principal Conductor is Dr. Brian Edward Dowdy.
Its current chairman is Darcy McKeough and current President Richard H. Elliott.
Its design uses alternating red and orange bricks with richly decorated marbles.
Its director is Keshar Bahadur Ale and its principal is Rajendra Bahadur Gurung.
Its drainage flows into the Rio Hondo river and then into the Los Angeles River.
Its ears and the hair between its scales were also longer than modern pangolins.
It seems likely that the two stump wicket remained in use for another few years.
Its English name is mainly the Round leafed lavender or the Cape Verde lavender.
It served as a host for The Pirate Bay and as one of the many WikiLeaks mirrors.
It served as a suicide prevention awareness campaign for LGBTQ college students.
It serves as a gateway to Elmwood from the Reservoir and West End Neighborhoods.
It serves as the principal forum for evangelical reflection on African theology.
It serves students in the Pittsburgh suburbs of Coraopolis and Neville Township.
It serves the city of Pelham and the surrounding communities in Mitchell County.
It serves the library needs of the people of Lloydminster and surrounding areas.
It serves the Minden and Webster Parish circulation area with mostly local news.
It serves those in need in the U.S. and in ten other countries around the world.
Its exhibition program specializes in contemporary art of the last four decades.
Its extensive gardens are open to the public on selected days or by appointment.
Its extremities include Point Labatt in the west and Cape Radstock in the south.
Its features are mostly congruent with those accessible by generic Unix systems.
Its footrpints were found within the vicinity of those of the larger Jialingpus.
Its fossils are from the Danata Formation lagerstatten of Ypresian Turkmenistan.
Its foundation stone was laid by the late Vidya Devi Jain and Trilok Chand Jain.
Its function is unknown though it is affected in several psychiatric conditions.
Its functions included a natural history museum and research in human nutrition.
Its goal is to be the Italian Renaissance version of the Loeb Classical Library.
Its goal is to ensure sustainable economic development and a better environment.
It shares a campus with St Ambrose RC High School and Townhead Community Center.
It shares the title of "tallest building" with the OUB Center and UOB Plaza One.
It showed clearly that the museum was built using Georgian Revival architecture.
It shows an elongated process which is the receptive organ for the male gametes.
It shows how a boy matures into a poet through his experience of love and death.
It shows Mary and the Child Jesus surrounded by archangels and groups of saints.
It shows six white stars in an arc above a golden map of Kosovo on a blue field.
Its hydroid form grows as feathery stems resembling seaweed from a basal stolon.
Its inhabitants have many different professions including farmers and fishermen.
Its interior has ornate woodwork and plasterwork that is in excellent condition.
It sits on a concrete foundation and is sided in clapboard and asphalt shingles.
Its laptop initiative distributes a HP Tablet PC to every student in the school.
Its Latin American equivalent is the Christian Democrat Organization of America.
Its location is hypothesized to be either at Brandenburg an der Havel or Demmin.
Its long title is "An Act to remove Doubts as to the Validity of Colonial Laws".
Its main focus is the education methods involved in food science and technology.
Its main function is secure file transfer between a local and a remote computer.
Its main purpose is to serve the people of Manipur in terms of cultural studies.
Its main purpose was to offset the alliance between Denmark and the Netherlands.
Its major business comes from stock brokerage service for investors and traders.
Its members are first mentioned during the last three centuries of the Republic.
Its members are mostly of Scottish heritage and are upper class philanthropists.
Its members communicate and enforce policies of the Religious Technology Center.
Its membership consists of the national welding societies from around the world.
Its membership includes people that have successfully promoted electoral reform.
Its mission is make Zulia one of the economically strongest states of Venezuela.
Its mission is to place young people at the forefront of change and development.
Its mission is to provide a national forum to assist state court administrators.
Its most successful titles are the running game series OvenBreak and Cookie Run.
Its motto is Ad Veritatem Per Caritatem meaning "Seeking Truth Through Charity".
Its music direction was by Pankaj Mullick and the cinematographer was Rabi Dhar.
Its name commemorates the Battle of Lexington in the American Revolutionary War.
Its name refers to the Valle de Alcudia in the Province of Ciudad Real in Spain.
Its natural habitat is lowland moist and wet forests and premontane rainforests.
Its natural habitat is lowland tropical and subtropical moist broadleaf forests.
Its natural habitat is temperate forests where it is threatened by habitat loss.
Its natural habitat is the arid bush steppe community known as the Monte Desert.
Its natural habitats are boreal forests and subtropical or tropical dry forests.
Its natural habitats are forest patches surrounded by mountain fynbos heathland.
Its natural habitats are humid to xeric temperate forests and open environments.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and caves.
Its online website also publishes many of the stories featured in the newspaper.
Its origin and main settlement lies in Elkhart and LaGrange Counties in Indiana.
Its origins may be seen in the mule staircases in steep terrain in open country.
Its owner Charles F. Cates was instrumental in establishing the Woodlawn School.
Its pathogenetic role in chronic kidney failure has also been reported recently.
It spawned the top five country hits "Wrong Side of Memphis" and "Walkaway Joe".
Its pilot became the twelfth episode to accomplish the directing/writing double.
Its plot concerns a poultry farmer who is persuaded to invest in a film company.
Its plot concerns two convicts who escape from prison to find a buried treasure.
Its plot involves a mad sculptor killing women to use as models for his statues.
Its position on the river made it an important stop on the Underground Railroad.
Its presumed location are the ruins at present Djemaa Sahridj in modern Algeria.
Its price level and general features identify it as an upper entry level camera.
Its primary objective is to make the public aware of the world of antique books.
Its primary purpose is for transporting and maintaining personal health records.
Its primary role is to be used for attacking or defending against mounted units.
Its primary users will be the National Security Guard and the military services.
Its procedures are most often conducted for reconstructive or cosmetic purposes.
Its publication set off a chain of events that led to the death of Joseph Smith.
Its recordings are distributed by Nonesuch/Elektra Records in the United States.
Its reports on various aspects of the labor market are often cited by the media.
Its representatives are found in tropical and southern Africa and in Madagascar.
Its rich flora makes it one of the most important grassland sites in the county.
Its shape somewhat resembles that of a butterfly or bat with its wings extended.
Its southern range includes the Klamath Range in northern California and Oregon.
Its stated aim is "seeking respect and equality for all trans people in the UK".
Its stations are franchised and are often combined with mainstream gas stations.
Its stochastic form is much more flexible than previous deterministic equations.
Its stock is traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the ticker symbol "CRWS".
Its studios are in Redlands and the transmitter site is north of San Bernardino.
Its studios are located in Miramar and the transmitter site is in Miami Gardens.
Its summit ridge lies on the border between the cantons of Berne and the Valais.
Its suture has a distinct ventral and dorsal lobe and an angular lateral saddle.
Its systems are found in household appliances and other industrial applications.
It stands above Sichling on the left bank of the Spiti river which is wide here.
It stands across a courtyard from the Scuola Grande di San Giovanni Evangelista.
It stands across the valley from the Wank to the east on the Partenkirchen side.
It stands on a brick pier foundation and is clad in shiplap weatherboard siding.
It starred Edward G. Robinson and was the first film directed by Robert Aldrich.
It starred Jason Marsden and Frank Welker as the voices of the title characters.
It starred Muriel Steinbeck and Grant Taylor and was produced by T.O. McCreadie.
It stars Jacqueline Bisset and Peter Weller and was first broadcast on Showtime.
It stars William Haines and was released with a soundtrack of music and effects.
It still exists as one of the few regimental flags from the American Revolution.
Its title referred to the "Wobbly" nickname that was often given to IWW members.
Its tributaries are Jamieson River north branch and Jamieson River south branch.
It studied "prompt dimuon and charm production with proton and heavy ion beams".
It studies the relationship between altered states of consciousness and culture.
Its two other galleries exhibit rotating fiber art exhibits throughout the year.
It subsequently saw action at Gallipoli and on the Western Front during the war.
Its unique characteristic was that the door was located in the front of the car.
It supports advanced OpenType features such as combining diacritics positioning.
It supports many classical ideas of liberal democracy and is relatively secular.
It supports one of the bridges across the Thames River for Southwestern Ontario.
It supports several file formats and multiple sound cards with multiple devices.
Its use has since been applied in other contexts within the British beer sector.
Its vague description in statistical tables is "errors including frees against".
Its views on international political and economic issues are generally moderate.
Its work has developed over the years and it now works across England and Wales.
It takes place in a fantastic version of the Caribbean during the age of piracy.
It takes the form of a prayer by troops to God and to Mary on the eve of battle.
It targeted much of its activities towards conservative and wealthy individuals.
It teaches at ten campuses in Rotterdam and one in the nearby city of Dordrecht.
It teaches basic gentlemanly male and female relationship skills and techniques.
It then lost seven games in a row before winning its last two to end the season.
It to Me is the second and final studio album by South Korean girl group Sistar.
It took more than a hundred years for the Islam to become the majority religion.
It took place between Augher in County Tyrone and Derrygorry in County Monaghan.
It took riders through animated scenes of a comical factory producing fizzy pop.
It transferred from that province when it came under the municipality of Vianen.
It triggered a local tsunami that badly damaged the harbor at Caesarea Maritima.
It typically starts working after half an hour with maximum effect at two hours.
It Up is the second studio album by American country music artist Josh Thompson.
It used to be a serious disease but it now controlled in commercial mint fields.
It use is controversial and some areas in the United States have banned its use.
It uses actual data collected from streaming servers rather than estimated data.
It uses English as the medium of instruction but puts equal emphasis in Bengali.
It utilizes the DirectX runtime and shader programs to communicate with the GPU.
It was a bicameral legislature based on the model of the United States Congress.
It was a clear victory for Venice over the Ottoman Empire during the Cretan War.
It was a combination of a walking and tram tour of the backlot area of the park.
It was a commercial success at the box office and received positive recognition.
It was a co production between the US and England for the Hallmark Hall of Fame.
It was acquired by other U.S. interests based in Philadelphia who outbid Mahone.
It was a critical success and showcased IMP star King Baggot as a serious actor.
It was advertised that it was perfect land for sugarcane and agricultural usage.
It was a finalist for both the Goodreads Choice Award and Believer Poetry Award.
It was a founding member of the Pennsylvania Federation of Historical Societies.
It was a genre created by and for the white working class in the United Kingdom.
It was agreed and signed in the French settlement of Puducherry in French India.
It was a huge stucco and tile mansion based on the Inverness Castle in Scotland.
It was a joint production for TVNZ in New Zealand and ITV in the United Kingdom.
It was also an official selection for the International Film Festival of Kerala.
It was also a record seventh win for Ireland and the most recent win of Ireland.
It was also briefly known in certain states as The Mad Doctor of Crimson Island.
It was also listed as a National Register of Historic Places the following year.
It was also one of the few Led Zeppelin songs on which Page sang backing vocals.
It was also popular in New Zealand where they were assembled from imported kits.
It was also promoted heavily and heard in several episodes of Days of our Lives.
It was also released as a Hardcover version with all three episodes in one book.
It was also responsible for developing specialized variants of armored vehicles.
It was also screened later that year at the Toronto International Film Festival.
It was also the first time Fleeman had ever been knocked down in a boxing match.
It was also the headquarters of the airlines Air Deccan and Kingfisher Airlines.
It was also the home venue of the Maratha Warriors in the Premier Hockey League.
It was also their first of three singles to top the Canadian rock airplay chart.
It was also the last title win for Ralt chassis and the West Surrey Racing team.
It was also the only Broadway appearance of future U.S. First Lady Nancy Reagan.
It was also used for transport of senior air force officers from Rome to Berlin.
It was also used to store the emergency bank note supply of the Bank of England.
It was a major box office disappointment as per the distributors and exhibitors.
It was a means of granting leave to appeal by exercise of the royal prerogative.
It was an exclusive cooperation between Sqeezer and the Saban Worldwide company.
It was an important rink in the development of both sports in the United States.
It was an independent film partially funded by Thrivent Financial for Lutherans.
It was an official journal of the International Behavioral Neuroscience Society.
It was a play in which John Stallworth made a key block on two Raider defenders.
It was applied to different peoples by different sources and at different times.
It was asserted that those responsible for the acts would be brought to justice.
It was a system that was heavily advanced by the Danish Linguist Otto Jespersen.
It was at this club that Manga was spotted and others replied to ads in the NME.
It was available only via mail order by sending in proofs of purchase to Purina.
It was based in Belfast but had branches in other parts of the north of Ireland.
It was based in Hamburg and offered holiday flights on behalf of tour operators.
It was based on an original story written by Sayers specifically for the screen.
It was based on the cartoon strip Air Hawk and the Flying Doctors by John Dixon.
It was based on the Itsy Bitsy Spider short film produced by Hyperion Animation.
It was based on the novel La Torre Della Solitudine by Valerio Massimo Manfredi.
It was based on the novel No More Gas by James Norman Hall and Charles Nordhoff.
It was based on the opening of the novel Darkly Dreaming Dexter by Jeff Lindsay.
It was based on the play Master and Man by George Robert Sims and Henry Pettitt.
It was based on the TV movie of the same name and predated RoboCop by ten years.
It was being restored by the Chattahoochee County Historic Preservation Society.
It was broadcast in India by Star Cricket and ESPN and in Pakistan by Geo Super.
It was built by the Yorkshire Dales Railway and operated by the Midland Railway.
It was built in the early years of the Great Depression as an economic stimulus.
It was commissioned and authorized by the Catholic hierarchy of the Netherlands.
It was composed late in his career after retiring from the composition of opera.
It was constructed from scratch when the London Road ground was sold to Safeway.
It was constructed of stone and plaster with tilework and plasterwork adornment.
It was controversial for its fusion of electric blues with psychedelic elements.
It was created and written by Reg Watson and produced by Reg Grundy Productions.
It was created by Eugeny Brychkov and licensed by the MSX Licensing Corporation.
It was created by Ray McKinnon and is the first original series from SundanceTV.
It was created initially to hold back Ethiopia and harass the opposition fronts.
It was demolished as part of a regeneration of the area surrounding the station.
It was designed and built by the Metropolitan Water Sewerage and Drainage Board.
It was designed by aerospace engineer Burt Rutan for the Rutan Aircraft Factory.
It was designed by Canadian architects Arthur Erickson and Mathers and Haldenby.
It was designed by Larry Oltmanns who was a Design Partner with SOM at the time.
It was designed by local architect George L. Browne in the Free Classical style.
It was designed by Luigi Pascale with Mario de Bernardi and built by Partenavia.
It was designed by William H. Hume in the Modern Renaissance architecture style.
It was designed by William Hodgen and produced by Toowoomba mason William Bruce.
It was designed in the Tudor Revival architectural style by Warfield and Keeble.
It was developed by DreamWorks Interactive and was published by Electronic Arts.
It was developed by King of the Jungle Ltd. and published by Hasbro Interactive.
It was developed by Radical Entertainment and published by Sierra Entertainment.
It was developed by Slovak studio Games Farm and published by bitComposer Games.
It was developed with private funds and operated by the North German Lloyd Line.
It was devised with the aim of a simplified and more accessible version of golf.
It was directed and produced by twin brothers Wolfgang and Christoph Lauenstein.
It was directed by B. Reeves Eason and based on a story by James Oliver Curwood.
It was directed by Dimitri Buchowetzki with Norma Talmadge as the leading woman.
It was directed by Eddie Romero and starred Christopher De Leon and Gloria Diaz.
It was directed by George Fitzmaurice and starred Mary Astor and Gilbert Roland.
It was directed by Horst Seemann and written by Wolfgang Held and Horst Seemann.
It was directed by Jerry London and the screenplay was written by Carmen Culver.
It was directed by Kit Hood and Linda Schuyler and was written by Amy Jo Cooper.
It was directed by Mark Lafferty and written by Lafferty and Shahin Chandrasoma.
It was directed by Michael Cristofer and written by Cristofer and Jay McInerney.
It was directed by Neal Israel and Bradley R. Swirnoff and produced by Joe Roth.
It was directed by Penrhyn Stanlaws and starred Bebe Daniels and Adolphe Menjou.
It was directed by Philip Saville and starred Kieran Bew as the title character.
It was directed by Sam Weisman and written by Gary David Goldberg and Brad Hall.
It was directed by Steve Scott and the production was conceived by Jamil Khoury.
It was directed by Swedish director David Flamholc and produced by Caravan Film.
It was directed by Thea Sharrock and stars Tom Hiddleston as Henry V of England.
It was directed by Victor Tam Long Cheung and produced by Raymond Wong Pak Ming.
It was directed by William Castle and written by Eric Taylor and Audrey Wisburg.
It was directed by W. S. Van Dyke and starred Norma Shearer as Marie Antoinette.
It was distributed by Columbia Pictures Television through Operation Prime Time.
It was distributed by Publishers Syndicate and also appeared in comic book form.
It was dubbed in Hindi under the title Ek Aur Dharmatma and in Telugu as Sastry.
It was established to cover the high demand for professionals in various fields.
It was eventually decided that the Valley of the Sun needed multiple area codes.
It was featured in the end credits to the movies Grown Ups and The Family Stone.
It was filmed by videographer David Budzinski and photographer Jason Schlosberg.
It was filmed primarily in South Australia and was nominated for two AFI awards.
It was first described from Afghanistan where it is probably widely distributed.
It was first isolated from a flower of Calotropis gigantea collected in Bangkok.
It was formerly a small village that later had a post office and general stores.
It was formerly made of low expansion borosilicate glass and ideal for oven use.
It was fought between members of the Clan Mackay and men of the Clan Sutherland.
It was founded by Jerry Dammers of the Specials and backed by Chrysalis Records.
It was founded in the belief that music should play a large role in the service.
It was generally used in an agricultural context to measure quantities of grain.
It was greeted with overall positive reviews within the underground music scene.
It was here that the ancient Roman roads via Labicana and via Tiburtina started.
It was his first release on the Warner Bros. label after leaving Takoma Records.
It was his first solo album following his split with Ultravox the previous year.
It was his plan to centralize the administrative units of the Holy Roman Empire.
It was hosted by Japan Cricket Association at Sano International Cricket Ground.
It was immediately adjacent to the large LYR Newton Heath steam locomotive shed.
It was included in the anthology of the same name and in The John Varley Reader.
It was independently released and recorded by Ettore Rigotti in his home studio.
It was in direct competition with the Princess and Pavilion theaters in Torquay.
It was influenced by Hindu and Buddhist architecture of the Indian subcontinent.
It was initially banned by some TV stations including MTV for being too violent.
It was initiated by waste collectors seeking higher wages and better conditions.
It was inspired by student life at historically black colleges and universities.
It was inspired by the Kefauver Committee hearings dealing with organized crime.
It was installed during the Cold War in both communist and capitalist countries.
It was in the repertoire of Thomas D. Rice and other early blackface performers.
It was introduced as an alternative to commodity money and representative money.
It was known for its fishing activity and as a very secure harbor for schooners.
It was later also released for the Atari ST and Amiga as Advanced Ski Simulator.
It was later altered and extended with two symmetrical wings and renamed Eildon.
It was later canceled due to the threat of violence before a venue was revealed.
It was later completely demolished and little trace of the station now survives.
It was later dubbed into Telugu as Bhargava and into Hindi as Shaktishali Shiva.
It was later recorded by American country music artist and actor John Schneider.
It was later sold to Schibsted and became the foundation for Scandinavia Online.
It was later used as a farmhouse and farm outbuildings can be found to the rear.
It was later used as the headquarters for the Golden Key National Honor Society.
It was licensed to Braeburn Pharmaceuticals for marketing and commercialization.
It was located in San Francisco near the Justin Herman Plaza on The Embarcadero.
It was located in the booming lead mining region in an area of early settlement.
It was located in the province of Ontario and consisted of the city of Hamilton.
It was located in what is now the western outskirts of the town of McLaren Vale.
It was located near the current entrance to the Queensway Tunnel on Grange Road.
It was located on the banks of the St. John River just below the Mathews Bridge.
It was located on the northeast corner of Kingshighway and West Pine Boulevards.
It was located on the Northwestern Pacific Railroad between Larabee and Shively.
It was made as a quota quickie for release by the American company RKO Pictures.
It was made at the Elstree Studios complex by the independent producer Joe Rock.
It was made at the Joinville Studios by the French branch of Paramount Pictures.
It was made at Twickenham Studios as an independent production by Sidney Morgan.
It was made by Ampersand and Dena Productions and released by Columbia Pictures.
It was made by Commonwealth Film Laboratories for the Department of Information.
It was made by Crystal Film Company and is preserved at the Library of Congress.
It was made by the German subsidiary of the Hollywood studio Universal Pictures.
It was made by Twickenham Studios and based on a novel by Champion de Crespigny.
It was made by UFA at their Babelsberg Studio with location shooting in Hamburg.
It was made during Evacuation of Polish civilians from the USSR in World War II.
It was made in the silver jubilee year of the production company Navketan Films.
It was manufactured and distributed nationwide in the Philippines by Sony Music.
It was marketed only for a limited time before Bally decided to exit the market.
It was merged into Bredbandsbolaget which was later merged into Telenor Sverige.
It was more melodic than their previous album and included elements of pop punk.
It was most commonly used to update Dynamic DNS or a secondary/slave DNS server.
It was named after G. Ken Creighton by fellow American zoologist Robert S. Voss.
It was named after the actor Harrison Ford in honor of his work in conservation.
It was named an ALA Notable Book and an ALA Top Ten Best Books for Young Adults.
It was named as one of the best albums of the year by Spin and Urban Outfitters.
It was named for the Toora Irrigation Area on the west bank of the Murray River.
It was named GntR after the Bacillus subtilis repressor of the gluconate operon.
It was never marketed and there are very few references to it in the literature.
It was no surprise that Clifton exhibited an affinity for music at an early age.
It was not long before he hit the road to try his hand at a wider playing field.
It was officially known as the Local Taxpayers and Public Safety Protection Act.
It was often less expensive to lease from GE than buy new equipment using loans.
It was once one of the largest buildings in the district and remains a landmark.
It was one of the ancient manors of the village and seat of the Greene baronets.
It was one of the earliest efforts to harness the river for industrial purposes.
It was one of the early Toronto hotels operated by the Four Seasons Hotel chain.
It was one of the first hymns he wrote after his first major bout of depression.
It was one of the first incarnations of what eventually became The Mighty Boosh.
It was one of the first legal texts attempting to codify criminal law in France.
It was one of the last significant Greek Revival buildings in the Hudson Valley.
It was one of the most successful football clubs from Kaunas during interbellum.
It was one of the titles selected to represent Indonesia at the World Book Fair.
It was one of the very first original programming contents produced for Netflix.
It was only decades later that she told many of her friends and family about it.
It was only the second time a team from Eastern Canada had won up to that point.
It was organized by prominent local leaders such as the young Sir Arthur Rawdon.
It was organized by subject area according to the PsycINFO Classification Codes.
It was originally conceived as a method to construct molds for industrial parts.
It was originally found nearby in the grounds of the old church of Dyke and Moy.
It was originally known as the National Town and Country Club before being sold.
It was originally published in France by Delcourt as a series of graphic albums.
It was originally sited in high street on the property known as Margaret street.
It was part of a wider abolitionism movement in Western Europe and the Americas.
It was part of the Arauco War between the Spanish conquistadors and the Mapuche.
It was patronized by wealthy Americans and others from around the world as well.
It was powered by two piston engines and a turbojet buried in the rear fuselage.
It was preceded by the seventh Parliament and succeeded by the ninth Parliament.
It was predominantly on sale as a digital download rather than a physical album.
It was presented by the Columbia University School of Music with a student cast.
It was presented by the journalist in charge of international news on NRK radio.
It was previously the capital of the former Mbeere District of Eastern Province.
It was "primarily in recognition of the sea struggle" against the British fleet.
It was produced and directed by Aviva Slesin and narrated by Heywood Hale Broun.
It was produced and directed by the veteran Venezuelan filmmaker Roman Chalbaud.
It was produced and distributed by Metro Pictures and directed by Frank Reicher.
It was produced and distributed by the Chesterfield Motion Pictures Corporation.
It was produced by Australian producer Styalz Fuego of the Affinity Music Group.
It was produced by Billy Swan and engineered by Tommy Strong and Mort Thomasson.
It was produced by Dr. Dre and features guest appearances by Dr. Dre and Jewell.
It was produced by fellow Sheffield act I Monster and released on Wall of Sound.
It was produced by group members Carl "Groove" Martin and Darnell Van Rensalier.
It was produced by Hallmark Entertainment and shown on ABC in the United States.
It was produced by Henry Hobart and distributed through First National Pictures.
It was produced on Broadway by the Theater Guild and directed by Philip Moeller.
It was published by MicroIllusions of the US and distributed all over the world.
It was published in the United Kingdom and edited by British writer D. F. Lewis.
It was published in the United States under the title The Man from the Norlands.
It was quickly certified Gold by the RIAA for sales of over a million US copies.
It was realigned following molecular phylogeny data from the chloroplast genome.
It was recognized that the demining process would require the use of explosives.
It was recorded in Brazil and produced by Brazilian musician Jaques Morelenbaum.
It was reintroduced in the next session as the Preservation of Infant Life Bill.
It was released as the first single from their fifth studio album Hold On to Me.
It was released as the lead single from his debut studio album Before the Storm.
It was released as the third single from their fifth studio album Hold On to Me.
It was released by Origo Sound in Norway and by Apollo in the rest of the world.
It was released for both the Super NES and the Sega Genesis video game consoles.
It was released in the year of the release of the special editions of the films.
It was released in two separate versions one in French and the other in Italian.
It was released on Nettwerk Records a few months after being released in the UK.
It was released when the band was visiting the United States for the first time.
It was remade in Telugu as Veedevadandi Babu and in Kannada as Galate Aliyandru.
It was reported that this was the largest personal vote increase in the country.
It was retitled Quintessence after the now widely accepted term for dark energy.
It was served by the Womma and Broadmeadows stations on the Gawler railway line.
It was shot at the Tempelhof Studios in Berlin and on location in the Rhineland.
It was shot over a period of six months and took two months for post production.
It was started to promote theater for children and tap their creative potential.
It was the basis for the film Memento directed by his brother Christopher Nolan.
It was the center of Sikh civilization before the partition of the subcontinent.
It was the eighth episode of The Vicar of Dibley to be produced and transmitted.
It was the fifth of a series of similarly themed anthologies edited by Friesner.
It was the final season of the British League before a restructure of the sport.
It was the first African nation to join the International Ice Hockey Federation.
It was the first album to feature the new vocalist and keyboard player Max Carl.
It was the first assembly after Prince Edward Island became a Canadian province.
It was the first book of polyphonic music ever to be printed using movable type.
It was the first British aircraft to be designed specifically for target towing.
It was the first episode directed by Pete Michels and was written by Ken Keeler.
It was the first feature film in thirteen years to be shot entirely in the area.
It was the first film actress Jennifer Jones made following her suicide attempt.
It was the first film in which Dharmendra appeared alongside his son Sunny Deol.
It was the first film to feature French actress Lili Damita in the leading role.
It was the first Holiday Bowl game since its inception that did not feature BYU.
It was the first hospital in Tennessee to qualify as a Critical Access Hospital.
It was the first international convention to address the question of corruption.
It was the first major release by the band not to feature vocalist Chuck Mosley.
It was the first newspaper in India to cater explicitly for the laboring people.
It was the first New Zealand Grand Prix to be held and was won by John McMillan.
It was the first of a number of similarly themed anthologies edited by Friesner.
It was the first of her highly acclaimed series of books about the Logan family.
It was the first Pro Bowl not to be played at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum.
It was the first scheduled services seaplane operator in Greece in recent years.
It was the first such film about scuba diving and became a popular cultural hit.
It was the first time one of her singles had failed to chart anywhere in Europe.
It was the first time that a team from the Soviet Union entered the competition.
It was the first Treo based on the Palm OS to have the external antenna removed.
It was the fourth Czech Republic SGP and was won by American rider Billy Hamill.
It was the fourth in the series of Landing Ship Tanks bought by the Indian Navy.
It was the greatest loss of life on a British landing craft during World War II.
It was the home of the Fort Lauderdale Strikers of North American Soccer League.
It was the largest and most successful slave rebellion in United States history.
It was the last battle to be fought between the Clan Mackay and Clan Sutherland.
It was the last book in the series to use the "silver" version of the film logo.
It was the last major building designed by Underwood for the Utah Parks Company.
It was the location of bushwalking and environmental group events and resources.
It was the location of many of the sporting events at the Ancient Olympic Games.
It was then written by Warren Ellis with art by Simone Bianchi and Phil Jimenez.
It was the only authorized biography of the Beatles written during their career.
It was the only government under a parliamentary system in the history of Korea.
It was the only representatives in Hawaii of the American Type Founders Company.
It was the only season where the team had the worst record in the entire league.
It was the organ of the "Zoogeography and Evolution of Pacific Insects" program.
It was the prototype Hawker Sea Hawk modified to install the rocket in the tail.
It was the scene of the Battle of Djahy between Rameses III and the Sea Peoples.
It was the second of five occasions that Robertson was Leader of the Government.
It was the second of The Teen Agers series and was known as High School Scandal.
It was the seventh mutual life insurance company chartered in the United States.
It was the site of the Battle of Mayfield Canyon in the Owens Valley Indian War.
It was the sixth unsuccessful challenge by Australia and the third by Alan Bond.
It was the third of a number of similarly themed anthologies edited by Friesner.
It was the third single from their platinum selling debut album Jade to the Max.
It was the tradition of the Hebron community not to engrave names on tombstones.
It was to be installed at a site to observe an upcoming solar eclipse in Russia.
It was triggered by the resignation of sitting National Party member Russ Hinze.
It was unusual in that the restaurant was hidden in the back of an antique shop.
It was used as a general hospital then converted to house mentally ill patients.
It was used in rocket nozzles and some fabrics requiring high thermal stability.
It was while playing for Hertfordshire that he made his debut in List A cricket.
It was widely distributed in the USSR and outside of the country free of charge.
It was won unopposed by the Ulster Unionist Party candidate Henry Hughes Wilson.
It was written and produced by the German techno and electro DJ Florian Senfter.
It was written and recorded by Elizabeth Parker at the BBC Radiophonic Workshop.
It was written by Alan Phillips of Lancaster University in the north of England.
It was written by Andre and Maria Jacquemetton and directed by Andrew Bernstein.
It was written by Arnthor Birgisson and Ina Wroldsen and produced by the former.
It was written by Brock Walsh and Phil Galdston and produced by Nick Martinelli.
It was written by Dan Fybel and directed by Jennifer Coyle and Bernard Derriman.
It was written by Daniel Fuchs and Isobel Lennart and directed by Charles Vidor.
It was written by English songwriter Rod Temperton and produced by Quincy Jones.
It was written by executive producer Josh Friedman and directed by Jeffrey Hunt.
It was written by Gwyneth Hughes and directed by Otto Bathurst and Simon Curtis.
It was written by Joel H. Cohen and directed by Mike B. Anderson and Ralph Sosa.
It was written by John Crawford and produced by Giorgio Moroder and Richie Zito.
It was written by Judy Burns and Chet Richards and directed by Herb Wallerstein.
It was written by lead vocalist Jesse Michaels and appeared on the album Energy.
It was written by lyricist Robert Hunter and composed by guitarist Jerry Garcia.
It was written by Meghan McCarthy and directed by series director James Wootton.
It was written by Nicholas Hammond and Steven Vidler and directed by Tony Tilse.
It was written by Randall Badat and Rob Kerchner and directed by Stuart Gillard.
It was written by Richard Schickel and directed and produced by Robert Guenette.
It was written by series creator Neil Jordan and directed by Simon Cellan Jones.
It was written by singer and guitarist Matthew Bellamy and produced by the band.
It was written by Suzanne Francis and Gabe Grifoni and directed by Mark Steilen.
It was written by the group members with Eliot Kennedy and produced by Absolute.
It was written by Tyler and a longtime band friend and collaborator Richie Supa.
It was written by Viorel Mihalcea and Nicolas Masson and produced by Niki Coman.
It was written in part by Ray Galton and Alan Simpson and made by Romulus Films.
It will be built underneath the proposed consolidated terminal at Perth Airport.
It works jointly with the Rugby Football League through the RFL Community Board.
It works to prevent avoidable blindness and to cure blindness that is treatable.
It would also be the first year for the awarding of the Coach of the Year Award.
It would also restrict voting rights to those of African descent and landowners.
It would replace the longstanding United Nations Special Mission to Afghanistan.
Iva frutescens is very common in salt marsh habitat throughout its native range.
IVB meteorites are a group of ataxite iron meteorites classified as achondrites.
"I Will Survive" and "Romeo and Juliet" were released as singles from the album.
IXPR was the first internet exchange point set in Puerto Rico and the Caribbean.
Jaburna is a Village in Dildarnagar Kamsar in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
Jacaranda decurrens is a medicinal plant native to Cerrado vegetation in Brazil.
Jack Callihan Parnell is a former United States Deputy Secretary of Agriculture.
Jackdaws is a World War II spy thriller written by British novelist Ken Follett.
Jackie is the second child of the Jackson family and the oldest Jackson brother.
Jacks Knob is in the Mark Trail Wilderness of the Chattahoochee National Forest.
Jacqueline Keeler is a writer and activist of Dineh and Yankton Dakota heritage.
Jacquet is a game of the backgammon family that was once very popular in Europe.
Jae and Owens were married for only a few days before Owens filed for annulment.
Jafar emerged victorious in the battle fought between him and Ahmad Shah I Wali.
JAGS can be used via the command line or run in batch mode through script files.
Jaman North is one of the constituencies represented in the Parliament of Ghana.
James E. Bowley is Chair and Professor of Religious Studies at Millsaps College.
James Galea is an Australian magician and actor based in Sydney and Los Angeles.
James Gilchrist is a British tenor specializing in recital and oratorio singing.
James J. Burnett was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a forward.
James of Cyrrhus had been taught by Maron and later went off to live by himself.
James P. Nichols is a recording industry executive producer and master engineer.
James R. Kass is a Canadian physicist engaged in the field of human spaceflight.
James Robert Mathes was the fourth bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of San Diego.
James saw the divine right of kings as an extension of the apostolic succession.
James Waterson was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a wing half.
Jammeh called for the election to be annulled and appealed to the Supreme Court.
Janet Tashjian is an American novelist of Armenian origin living in Los Angeles.
Janmejai Singh is an Indian politician and member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
Jaora railway station is a main railway station in Jaora city of Madhya Pradesh.
Japan derived few apparent gains from the normalization of diplomatic relations.
Japanese ship names follow different conventions from those typical in the West.
Japanoasternolaelaps is a genus of mites in the family Ichthyostomatogasteridae.
Jarilla is a village and municipality in San Luis Province in central Argentina.
Jason is the older brother of Ultimate Fighting Championship veteran Clay Guida.
Jason Marin plays the speaking role of Flounder in the beginning of some tracks.
Jason Sorens is a lecturer in the department of government at Dartmouth College.
Jasper himself is one of the most distinguished European scholars of this field.
Jaumave is a town and a municipality located in the Mexican state of Tamaulipas.
Jaunpur City railway station is one of the railway stations in Jaunpur District.
Java reflection features allow the use of Java libraries directly from Tea code.
Jawaad Ali Khan is a Hindustani classical vocalist of the Kasur Patiala Gharana.
Jax Media is a film and television production company founded by Tony Hernandez.
Jayankondam is a state assembly constituency in Ariyalur district in Tamil Nadu.
Jayapal Reddy is the cinematographer and Madhu Reddy is the editor of this film.
Jay Martin "Marty" Tenenbaum is an American computer scientist and entrepreneur.
Jayne Hughes is the Deputy High Bailiff and Judicial Officer of the Isle of Man.
Jean Harrower is a female former international table tennis player from England.
Jeanne Lambrew is a United States professor of public affairs and health policy.
Jean Pierre is an adjunct professor at American University fine arts department.
J. Earle Bowden was a champion of Pensacola History and Historical Preservation.
Jeff Cloud is an American Republican politician from the U.S. state of Oklahoma.
Jeff Farrington is a Republican member of the Michigan House of Representatives.
Jeff Jarrett retained his WWF Intercontinental Championship against Razor Ramon.
Jeffrey Arthur Corsaletti is a former American professional baseball outfielder.
Jelli is a company that develops programmatic sales products for radio stations.
Jellyfish dermatitis is a cutaneous condition caused by stings from a jellyfish.
Jenkins also was in the first ever fight in UFC history losing to Jason DeLucia.
Jennifer Chan is a Canadian video and media artist and curator based in Toronto.
Jennifer S. Clarvoe is an American poet and English professor at Kenyon College.
Jenny Scheinman and Ivan Neville join the band for more than half of the record.
Jeroen de Lange is married to journalist and television presenter Marcia Luyten.
Jerome A. Chazen is the current Founder and Chairman of Chazen Capital Partners.
Jerry White is a British historian who has specialized in the history of London.
Jerusalem Christian Review is a newspaper for Christians published in Jerusalem.
Jesse Walsh is a fictional character in the A Nightmare on Elm Street franchise.
JetBrains MPS is a metaprogramming system which is being developed by JetBrains.
Jet Generation is the fourth studio album by the Japanese rock band Guitar Wolf.
Jet Pilot was also inspired by real life incidents of Cold War pilot defections.
Jetty Road in Glenelg is a major tourism and retail precinct in South Australia.
J. Hareendran Nair is an Indian Ayurveda physician and entrepreneur from Kerala.
Ji is the guardian deity of the yam for the Igbo people of southeastern Nigeria.
Jimmie Johnson won the pole and Tony Stewart led the most laps and won the race.
Jim Ottaviani is the author of several comic books about the history of science.
Jim Steinman composed the music while Don Black wrote the lyrics to this ballad.
Jinnah of Pakistan is book written about Muhammad Ali Jinnah by Stanley Wolpert.
Jio is hostile to her at first but ends up traveling with Ruby as her bodyguard.
J. James was an Indian politician and former Member of the Legislative Assembly.
Joanna Pruess is a food and travel writer and a consultant to the food industry.
Joanna Wasick is a former American voice actress and current Associate attorney.
Joannopoulos is also the director of the Institute for Soldier Nanotechnologies.
Jodi Number One is a series reality dance show on the Indian STAR Vijay channel.
Joe Green is a social entrepreneur based in Silicon Valley in the United States.
Johar Baru is an administrative village in the Johar Baru district of Indonesia.
John A. Davis House which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
John A. Lawless is a former member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
John Bohannon is a biologist and science journalist based at Harvard University.
John Burnett was an Anglican priest in the second half of the Twentieth Century.
John G. "Johnny" Menville was an American college football player and physician.
John Hardin Marion was an associate justice of the South Carolina Supreme Court.
John J. Clark is a member of the Northeastern University athletics Hall of Fame.
John Kellogg is a former Republican member of the Ohio House of Representatives.
John Mahnen was the president of the Amsterdam Crusaders American Football Club.
Johnny Wander is a webcomic written by Ananth Hirsh and illustrated by Yuko Ota.
John Pemberton is an associate professor of anthropology at Columbia University.
John P. McDonough is a former Chief of Chaplains of the United States Air Force.
John R. Montgomery IV is a television producer and advertising industry veteran.
Johns Catholic Cemetery is a cemetery in Orange in the U.S. state of New Jersey.
Johns Hopkins University football team is currently in possession of the trophy.
John S. Leonardo is a former United States Attorney for the District of Arizona.
Johnson adopted his stage name as a teenager as a reference to the Dorian scale.
Johnson also serves on NATO committees that monitor Weapons of Mass Destruction.
Johnson Deng is a South Sudanese footballer who currently plays as a midfielder.
John Sparkes also voices a portion in the unseen character of archivist Goronwy.
Johnston was an English professional footballer who played as an inside forward.
John Sutton Hall is the Old Main building of Indiana University of Pennsylvania.
John Thomas "Dickie" Downs was a footballer who played for Barnsley and Everton.
Joining the project was FM drummer Pete Jupp and Wishbone Ash bassist Bob Skeat.
Joju George is an Indian film actor and producer who appears in Malayalam films.
Jonathan also performs frequently at the World Famous Magic Castle in Hollywood.
Jonathan Dokuchitz is an American actor and singer who works mainly on Broadway.
Jonathan Samuel Hilbert is a former placekicker in the National Football League.
Jones made his debut at The Milwaukee Mile with Longhorn Steakhouse sponsorship.
Jones was a tinplate furnaceman by occupation and lived in Taibach all his life.
Jonjaamji is a Korean Buddhist site of a pagoda preserving the relics of Buddha.
Jon Switalski is a former Democratic politician from the U.S. state of Michigan.
Joop Alberda is father of two children and lives in the Dutch town of Vinkeveen.
Jorah is portrayed by Scottish actor Iain Glen in the HBO television adaptation.
Josef Mountain Aerial Tramway is an aerial tramway near Meran in Northern Italy.
Joseph Carroll was an English professional footballer who played as a left half.
Joseph Cockshoot was an English coachbuilder and car dealer based in Manchester.
Joseph Communications is a Canadian communications company based out of Toronto.
Joseph M. Uliana is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania State Senate.
Joseph R. Brown State Wayside Rest is a National Scenic Byway Wayside Rest area.
Joseph Sunnen was a machinery manufacturer and founder of the Sunnen Foundation.
Jouko worked most of his life as a technical director in Asko furniture company.
Journalists and bloggers may also publish content to sell directly to end users.
Joyce Fielder is a female former international table tennis player from England.
J. R. Tavai is an American football outside linebacker for the Ottawa Redblacks.
JSW Cement is leading the way in promoting PSC variant of cement in South India.
Judy Sgro is a Canadian politician and member of the House of Commons of Canada.
Judy Williams is a female former international table tennis player from England.
Julcamarca District is one of twelve districts of the province Angaraes in Peru.
Juliagrace is a professional speaker and award winning singer/songwriter writer.
Julie Anne Legate is a linguist who works in the areas of syntax and morphology.
Julien Barbier was a French Architect who specialized in religious architecture.
Junge is the Chief Advancement Officer for Lutheran Social Service of Minnesota.
Junius Street is a station on the IRT New Lots Line of the New York City Subway.
Jurassic period fossilized dinosaur footprints have been found in the formation.
Just being busy with images and sound is his driving force as multimedia artist.
Justice Gita Mittal has been appointed as the Acting Chief Justice in her place.
Justice G. Ramanujulu Naidu B.L. is a former Judge of Andhra Pradesh High Court.
Justice Yatindra Singh is a former Chief Justice of the Chhattisgarh High Court.
Justicia angustifolia is a plant native of Atlantic Forest vegetation of Brazil.
Justification is an exception to the prohibition of committing certain offenses.
Just Jillian is an American reality television series starring Jillian Michaels.
Just like the comic strip they were adventure stories aimed at a young audience.
Just Nuisance was the only dog ever to be officially enlisted in the Royal Navy.
Just to the southwest of the crater is the small lunar mare named Lacus Timoris.
JVibe magazine claimed that Jakob is "revolutionizing" the acoustic music genre.
Kaaboo is a Hindi action film of Bollywood starring Inder Kumar and Faisal Khan.
Kaajal Pasupathi is an Indian actress who has worked in the Tamil film industry.
Kabasaran is a traditional Minahasan war dance from North Sulawesi in Indonesia.
Kabirirsang was famously known for British white settlers who practiced farming.
KABU serves the Spirit Lake Nation of the Dakota tribe in northern North Dakota.
KABX was previously an automated easy listening station with the call sign KMYT.
Kadampanad grama panchayath is the southernmost part of Pathanamthitta district.
Kadiyapatti Nagarathars built the Sri Boomeeswara swamy Bhrammavidyambal temple.
Kahaani Ghar Ghar Kii was dubbed in Sinhala language and broadcast on Sirasa TV.
Ka Karoon Sajni Aye Na Baalam is a classical song of Hindustani classical music.
Kakonko District is one of the eight districts of the Kigoma Region of Tanzania.
Kalamazoo is the name for two different lines of instruments produced by Gibson.
Kaleidica uses single images and loops of sequential images as animated brushes.
Kaleo is a small town in the Nadowli district of the Upper West Region of Ghana.
Kallor is a fictional character appearing in comic books published by DC Comics.
Kalsaka is a department or commune of Yatenga Province in northern Burkina Faso.
Kalundre is a census town in Raigad district in the Indian state of Maharashtra.
Kamakkapalayam is about four kilometers south of Thalaivasal towards Veeraganur.
Kamal Haasan plays a double role as an honest doctor and a happy go lucky youth.
Kamarian is an extinct Austronesian spoken in the Moluccas in eastern Indonesia.
Kamble was from Maharashtra and a member of the Maharashtra Legislative Council.
Kamineni Srinivas is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party from Andhra Pradesh.
Kamukuzi Division is one of the six divisions that make up Mbarara Municipality.
Kancheepuram is the District headquarters in Tamil Nadu state of Southern India.
Kandari is a census town in Jalgaon district in the Indian state of Maharashtra.
Kando is a department or commune of Kouritenga Province in eastern Burkina Faso.
Kangeyam taluk is a taluk of Tirupur district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Kanjikkuzhi is a census town in Kottayam district in the Indian state of Kerala.
Kankarbagh or Kankarbagh Colony is a neighborhood and residential area in Patna.
Kanodar is a census town in Banaskantha district in the Indian state of Gujarat.
Kansas City Rescue Mission is part of the Association of Gospel Rescue Missions.
Kantepudi is a village in Guntur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Kanumolu is a village in Krishna district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Kanumuru is a village in Krishna district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Kanyini is nurtured through caring and practicing responsibility for all things.
Kapilamalai is a state assembly constituency in Namakkal district in Tamil Nadu.
Karachi was capita of Sindh province was also chosen as the capital of Pakistan.
Karakhobda or Qaraqobda is a village in the Aktobe Region of western Kazakhstan.
Karasumi is a food product made by salting mullet roe and drying it in sunlight.
Kare College is the only center of legal education in the district of South Goa.
Karkala taluk is a taluk in the Udupi District of the Indian state of Karnataka.
Karl Theodor Paschke is a former Under Secretary General for the United Nations.
Karns stores also have a selection of fresh local produce and fresh baked goods.
Karthikappally is a village in Alappuzha district in the Indian state of Kerala.
Karthy Govender is a commissioner for the South African Human Rights Commission.
Karulai is a small town and panchayath in Nilambur Taluk of Malappuram district.
Karunguzhi is a town in Kancheepuram district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Kasey Kahne got loose under Hornish and Hornish slid hard into the tire barrier.
Kate Allsop is a British politician and the directly elected Mayor of Mansfield.
Kate McMillan is a judge in the Trial Division of the Supreme Court of Victoria.
Katherine Langrish is a British author of fantasy for children and young adults.
Katherine L. Gordon is a Canadian poet with numerous publications to her credit.
Katherine Turman is a Los Angeles native who currently resides in New York City.
Kawingasaurus is an extinct genus of dicynodont therapsid from the Late Permian.
Kayayei or Kaya Yei is a Ghanaian term that refers to a female porter or bearer.
KBCS studios are located on the Bellevue College campus in the city of Bellevue.
KC and the Sunshine Band is the second studio album by KC and the Sunshine Band.
Keith E. Vinicombe is a British ornithologist and writer on bird identification.
Kellie Pickler is an American reality television series starring Kellie Pickler.
Kencana Petroleum later merged with SapuraCrest to form SapuraKencana Petroleum.
Kenepuru is a primarily industrial suburb of the city of Porirua in New Zealand.
KenFM publishes various product formats a week for the German speaking audience.
Kenge is the capital of Kwango Province in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Kennedy Branch is a stream in St. Francois County in the U.S. state of Missouri.
Kenneth Craigie is a male former international table tennis player from England.
Kenneth Leech described it as "the first explicitly socialist group in Britain".
Kenny suggested Donnelly attend Franklin Pierce College on a soccer scholarship.
Kensington Road is a main road in the South Australian capital city of Adelaide.
Kenton is the location of the municipal council chamber for the RM of Woodworth.
Kent Ridge Park is a topographical feature which runs adjacent to Pasir Panjang.
Kent Roach CM is a professor of law at the University of Toronto Faculty of Law.
Keogh found that Nolan had been elected by the undue influence and intimidation.
Kepesh is finally destroyed by his inability to comprehend emotional commitment.
Kerala House is the official state mission of Government of Kerala at New Delhi.
Kerim has come to prominence in the genre of Romani poetry over the past decade.
Kesamudram is a mandal in Mahabubabad District of the Indian state of Telangana.
Ke Tumi Nandini was a Bengali television serial which used to air on Zee Bangla.
Key clients include Northern Ireland Water and George Best Belfast City Airport.
Khajuri is a Village in Dildarnagar Kamsar in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
Khan has also been a Congress Member of Parliament and a Union Minister as well.
Kharijapikon is a census town in Goalpara district in the Indian state of Assam.
Kharkhari Jatmal is a village located in the South West Delhi district of Delhi.
Khawla Armouti is a Jordanian politician and the Minister of Social Development.
Khobragade was arrested after dropping off her daughters at school in Manhattan.
Khunapakan was the name of a medieval district in the Sasanian province of Pars.
Khunnuchelys was a genus of trionychine turtle from the Late Cretaceous of Asia.
Khushboo Jain is an Indian playback singer known for singing in bollywood songs.
Kid Dynamite is the first album by Philadelphia hardcore punk band Kid Dynamite.
Kiel is a city in Calumet and Manitowoc counties in the U.S. state of Wisconsin.
Kieran Hebden and Steve Reid have released four studio albums on Domino Records.
KIIC is licensed to Waveguide Communications Inc which is owned by Joe Milledge.
Kildonald Bay is a bay on the eastern side of the Kintyre Peninsula of Scotland.
Killegray is an island in the Sound of Harris in the Outer Hebrides of Scotland.
Killip is well known for his gritty black and white images of people and places.
Killswitch is a documentary film about the battle for control over the Internet.
Kimball is currently serving his sentence at the Sterling Correctional Facility.
Kimbetohia is a genus of mammal belonging to the extinct order Multituberculata.
Kim Chuan Depot is a train depot for the Mass Rapid Transit system in Singapore.
King Sihahanu was an ancient monarch and paternal grandfather of Gautama Buddha.
Kings Point is predominantly a residential suburb on the shores of Burrill Lake.
Kingswood is a suburb of the Australian city of Adelaide in the City of Mitcham.
Kirby was originally a scattered farming community with an upper and lower road.
Kirkbride is a village and civil parish in Cumbria in the north west of England.
Kirkley Cemetery is a burial ground in the Kirkley area of Lowestoft in Suffolk.
Kishan Lal Rajpoot is an Indian politician in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
Kiskiminetas is derived from a Native American language meaning "make daylight".
Kisscut is the second book in the Grant County series by author Karin Slaughter.
Kistler also released some publications of teaching techniques used in the show.
KIT is the only private college in state offering Diploma in Mining Engineering.
KJEL is a full service country station serving Lebanon and the surrounding area.
K. Krishnan Warrier is a Communist Party of India politician from Thrissur City.
Klaschka won three singles and ten doubles titles on the ITF tour in her career.
Klassik Radio is a subsidiary company of Klassik Radio Inc. located in Augsburg.
Klubi Sportiv Shkumbini is an Albanian football club based in the city of Peqin.
Knapp is the inaugural Director of the new NIHR School for Social Care Research.
Knightstown also hosts an annual car show and a music series on the town square.
Knoxville Challenger was a professional tennis tournament played on hard courts.
Knypersley Reservoir is a canal feeder reservoir near Biddulph in Staffordshire.
Kobakhia is the current Chairman of the State Committee for Customs of Abkhazia.
Kodoli is a census city in Kolhapur district in the Indian state of Maharashtra.
Koilsagar Dam is one of the famous tourist attractions of Mahabubnagar District.
Koirganwan is a village in West Champaran district in the Indian state of Bihar.
Kollipara is a village in Guntur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Komsliga is a department or commune of Kadiogo Province in central Burkina Faso.
Kondapi is a village in Prakasam district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Kongpu Station situates on the crossing of Huancheng North Rnad and Meiyan Road.
Koolen participated in various rally raid competitions in a variety of vehicles.
Korfball Australia is the governing body for the sport of Korfball in Australia.
Koron Crump is an American football linebacker for the Arizona State Sun Devils.
Kostis also was the instructor who coached Kevin Costner in the movie "Tin Cup".
Kotapadu is a village in Krishna district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Kotcherla is a village in Guntur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Koumbri is a department or commune of Yatenga Province in northern Burkina Faso.
KPN Travels has partnered with online ticketing websites Redbus and Ticketgoose.
K. P. P. Samy is the Former minister for Fisheries in Tamil Nadu state of India.
KQZB has a Classic hits format and is owned by Pacific Empire Radio Corporation.
Krachi East is located in the Krachi East district of the Volta Region of Ghana.
Krachi East is one of the constituencies represented in the Parliament of Ghana.
Krachi West is one of the constituencies represented in the Parliament of Ghana.
Kraggenburg got her name from a former lighthouse that is named Oud Kraggenburg.
Kreayshawn is currently the host of "Kreaydio" on The Cut station on Dash Radio.
Krieger is a lunar impact crater on the eastern part of the Oceanus Procellarum.
Krishna Paswan is an Indian politician and member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
Krishnarajasagara is a town in Mandya district in the Indian state of Karnataka.
Krishna Sahi is a Congress politician from Bihar and is a former union minister.
Kruger was a small cargo ship with limited facilities to accommodate passengers.
Kruspe had originally written and demoed the song for his side project Emigrate.
KSTF also ran a solar apprentice scheme for which Gaspar Makale was responsible.
Kudair is a village in Anantapur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Kudligi is a panchayat town in Bellary district in the India state of Karnataka.
Kugalur is a panchayat town in Erode district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Kuilappalayam is a village in Tamil Nadu state of India near Auroville township.
Kulittalai taluk is a taluk of Karur district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Kulkacherla is a village in Vikarabad district of the Indian state of Telangana.
Kumar previously interviewed Ragsdale and wrote about him in The New York Times.
Kumar was a faculty member at the School of Law of City University of Hong Kong.
Kumbakonam is a state assembly constituency in Thanjavur district in Tamil Nadu.
Kumru is a town and district of Ordu Province in the Black Sea region of Turkey.
Kurara FM is a South African community radio station based in the Northern Cape.
Kurgunta is a census town in Gulbarga district in the Indian state of Karnataka.
Kurmuk is inhabited by the Uduk and Berta peoples and is controlled by the SPLM.
Kurtoxin is a toxin found in the venom of the scorpion Parabuthus transvaalicus.
Kurt Wissemann was a World War I flying ace credited with five aerial victories.
Kusini is a town and ward in Hai District in the Kilimanjaro Region of Tanzania.
KUSMS is a collaborative program of Kathmandu University and Dhulikhel Hospital.
Kuwait is widely considered the center of traditional music in the Persian Gulf.
Kuzgbour Dak is a South Sudanese footballer who currently plays as a midfielder.
Kwabre West is one of the constituencies represented in the Parliament of Ghana.
Kwifor means holder or supporter of the Fon but its role was far more pervasive.
Kyogle resident Jack Hurley was one of the most prominent advocates of the road.
Kyoto Prefectural Police Soccer Club is a Japanese football club based in Kyoto.
Kyrgyzstan finished in second place and the United Arab Emirates finished third.
Kyser Lake drains south via East Canada Creek which flows into the Mohawk River.
Kyungsung Football Club was the Korean football club based in the city of Seoul.
LabelTag works on any disk and does not require a special disk like LightScribe.
Laboratorio museotecnico Goppion headquarters is in Trezzano sul Naviglio Milan.
Labour and the environment are two different concepts that can be linked as one.
Lackey Field was a baseball and athletics field at Appalachian State University.
La Coipa District is one of seven districts of the province San Ignacio in Peru.
Lactate dehydrogenase B is a protein that in humans is encoded by the LDHB gene.
La Danse Macabre is the third album by the Swedish doom metal band Memento Mori.
L.A. Divine is the sixth studio album by American indie rock band Cold War Kids.
Ladrawan is a census village in Jhajjar district in the Indian state of Haryana.
Lafinur is a village and municipality in San Luis Province in central Argentina.
Lahbabi studied at the Sorbonne in Paris and received a doctorate of philosophy.
Laid paper is still commonly used by artists as a support for charcoal drawings.
Lai Sun is working with Major League Gaming to build a esports arena on Hengqin.
Lakeland Shows are agricultural and sporting shows in the English Lake District.
Lake Merrimack was a glacial lake that formed during the late Pleistocene epoch.
Lake spent six seasons with Essendon where he was in and out of the senior team.
Lake Taharoa is a lake in the Northland Region of New Zealand near Ripiro Beach.
Lakhiram Joshi is an Indian politician and member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
Lamalginite fluoresce brightly in shades of yellow under blue/ultraviolet light.
Lambert is a lunar impact crater on the southern half of the Mare Imbrium basin.
La Mesada consists of the two districts of La Mesada Grande and La Mesada Chica.
Lam showed that special hardware is unnecessary for effective modulo scheduling.
Lancashire went through the season unbeaten and clinched the Championship title.
Land access to this area is by either the Alaska Railroad or the Seward Highway.
Landese belongs to the Occitan language of which it is an endangered subdialect.
Land management agreements are made with landowners concerning private property.
Landmarks in the rural areas were the churches and the mansion of the seigneurs.
Langaha is a small genus of colubrid snakes in the subfamily Pseudoxyrhophiinae.
Langley Mill and Eastwood was nearby on the Midland Railway Erewash Valley Line.
Language coordination is the tendency of people to mimic the language of others.
Lanitz Escapade One is a German ultralight aircraft produced by Lanitz Aviation.
Lanois went on to develop a career in scoring music for films and documentaries.
Lapachito is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina.
Lapie worked closely with his son and published works together and individually.
Laptop charging trolleys were designed and constructed to protect against theft.
Lares is known for her "talent and charismatic stage presence and strong voice."
La Revuelta is the Eleventh album by the Argentine rock band Bersuit Vergarabat.
Large amounts of his land were given to the city of Murphy for industrial usage.
Large amounts of rain in January caused the Los Angeles River basin to overflow.
Large firms structured as partnerships are sometimes regarded as uncorporations.
Large format lenses are typically used in large format cameras and view cameras.
Largely through its influence many important civil service measures were passed.
Large organizations also sometimes have assistant directors or deputy directors.
Large parts of the city and surrounding areas lost electricity for several days.
Large quantities of economic and demographic data are available in print format.
Larger Anitschkow cells may coalesce to form multinucleated Aschoff giant cells.
Larger detachments may also have a Lieutenant Colonel serve as a vice commander.
Larkin also won two Leinster medals and three county senior championship medals.
Larsen also has two professional wins on the Scandinavian Nordic League circuit.
L.A. Rush is the fourth and final installment in the Rush series of video games.
Larvae can cause significant mechanical damage to the roots of individual trees.
Larvae have been recorded feeding gregariously on the leaves of Simarouba amara.
La Sabana is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina.
Lasmo plc was a leading British oil and gas exploration and production business.
Las Piedras District is one of four districts of the province Tambopata in Peru.
Lastarria is formed by two volcanic edifices and one subsidiary lava flow field.
Last Chance to See in which he attempted to mate with zoologist Mark Carwardine.
Last whorl is decorated by blunt ribs that can be alternating on opposite sides.
Latchis had built a business which ran fourteen theaters throughout New England.
Later episodes take place in the underwater city of Marinopolis and outer space.
Later he was elected to parliament from the Kalkudah and later Batticaloa seats.
Later it as well as T. furculus were placed in the separate genus Paratriaenops.
Later recordings mixed dark ambient music with the traditional doom metal style.
Later storylines focused on being the moral support for daughters Annie and Dee.
Later that same year the album Damsels In Distress came out on Flipside Records.
Later the adopted version of the song was released in the Bollywood movie Crook.
Later the carbon monoxide in the flue gas was burned to provide additional heat.
Later the company developed miniature digital voltmeters and frequency counters.
Later two companies from Galveston and Trinity County were added to the command.
Latest Greatest Straitest Hits is the fourth compilation album by George Strait.
Latino Velvet Project is the debut album of West Coast supergroup Latino Velvet.
Lattice models are also used to simulate the structure and dynamics of polymers.
Lattikata is a census town in Sundargarh district in the Indian state of Odisha.
LaunchGood is a crowdfunding platform focused on the Muslim community worldwide.
Laurel Hausler is a contemporary oil painter and sculptor with a cult following.
Laurence Olivier leaves no doubt that he is one of our greatest living actors...
Lauren Mitchell became the first Australian female world champion in gymnastics.
Laurie Gay and Ken McKay took senior roles with the Super PAC upon its founding.
Laurie plays piano and guitar on the album in addition to providing lead vocals.
Lauterhofen is a municipality in the district of Neumarkt in Bavaria in Germany.
Laverde played for the Western Jets in the TAC Cup and the Keilor Football Club.
Lavukaleve is one of the four Central Solomons languages of the Solomon Islands.
Law is also the author of the book and documentary film Flashing on the Sixties.
Lawrence Batley is widely accredited as the originator of the concept in the UK.
Lawrencia buchananensis Leionema ellipticum Leionema obtusifolium Lepiderema sp.
Lawson has served twice as interim Commissioner of the Canadian Football League.
Laxmi Narayan Chaudhary is an Indian politician from the state of Uttar Pradesh.
Lay then froze the ESOP for seven years except for retirement or death benefits.
LBX or LTBX are the identifying abbreviations for films and images so formatted.
L. dryas can tolerate extreme conditions that few other dragonflies can survive.
Leader Magazine was a weekly pictorial magazine published in the United Kingdom.
Leadership High School is a public charter high school located in San Francisco.
Lead vocalist Tyler Joseph wrote the track and produced it alongside Greg Wells.
League of Super Evil also airs internationally on Cartoon Network and Disney XD.
Leagues were established soon after the most modern type of bowling was created.
Lea Nudelman is an Israeli chess player who won team and individual gold medals.
Lee is currently the senior adviser to Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop.
Lee Kernaghan and Garth Porter wrote the music and lyrics for the country songs.
Lee Loughridge is an artist who has worked as a colorist in the comics industry.
Lee received the endorsement of outgoing Republican Representative Vicki Berger.
Leeuwenhoek partly overlaps the satellite crater Leeuwenhoek E to the northeast.
Left Unsaid is the debut studio album by the American rock band Collective Soul.
Legal constraints on recreational diving vary considerably across jurisdictions.
Legal information retrieval is a part of the growing field of legal informatics.
Legion of the Lost is a autobiographical novel by American writer Jaime Salazar.
Legislation on Hunting with Dogs is in place in many countries around the world.
Legislative power is vested in both the government and the Parliament of Belize.
Lego Harry Potter is a Lego theme based on the films of the Harry Potter series.
Lehfeldt would later go on to play in Cryptic Slaughter and tour with Everclear.
Leiben is a town in the district of Melk in the Austrian state of Lower Austria.
Leiestinae is a subfamily of handsome fungus beetles in the family Endomychidae.
Leiocephalikon is an extinct genus of microsaur within the family Gymnarthridae.
Lemaco is a brass model railway rolling stock manufacturer based in Switzerland.
Lemert made another distinction between primary deviance and secondary deviance.
Lemmings is the first studio album by British progressive rock group Bachdenkel.
Lemon and Daw have not been explored by the agents engaged in collecting cotton.
Lengthens FC are a football club who play in the Zimbabwe Premier Soccer League.
Lenore Coffee and John Goodrich are also credited for working on the screenplay.
Leonard Nimoy from the series based the gesture on the Jewish Priestly Blessing.
Leopoldamys neilli is threatened by the destruction of limestone karst habitats.
Lepas is a town within the city of George Town in the Malaysian state of Penang.
Lepidophyllum is a genus of South American flowering plants in the daisy family.
Lepidopsetta is a genus of righteye flounders native to the North Pacific Ocean.
Lepiota shveta is an agaric fungus of the genus Lepiota in the order Agaricales.
Leroy A. Mendonca was a soldier in the United States Army during the Korean War.
Leroy W. Svendsen Jr. is a retired major general in the United States Air Force.
Les Authieux is a commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France.
Leslie is a recurring guest host on the Fox News Radio Network heard nationally.
Les Nomades is a French restaurant in the Streeterville neighborhood of Chicago.
Le Soleil de la Floride is a newspaper in Florida for Francophones and tourists.
Lester Kasai was the second person to do a McTwist a few days after Mike McGill.
Le Tour De La Question is a Live album by the French progressive rock band Ange.
Letterkenny Residents Party is an unregistered minor political party in Ireland.
Letters progress from A at the north pole to U at the southern tip of Argentina.
Leucochloridiidae is a monotypic family of trematodes in the order Diplostomida.
Leucopternis is a Neotropical genus of birds of prey in the Accipitridae family.
Leucotaeniella is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
Leudar frequently cites the natural world as an important source of inspiration.
Leukostasis is diagnosed when white cell plugs are seen in the microvasculature.
Leutenbach is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.
Le Vaudreuil is a commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France.
Levy Mokgothu is a professional football player for Kaizer Chiefs as a defender.
Lewis Paul Bamford is a Welsh football midfielder who plays for Cinderford Town.
Lewis Stone and Doris Kenyon star and young newcomer Gilbert Roland is featured.
Leymeriella schrammeni anterior has evolved from Desmoceras keilhacki keilhacki.
Liberation cutting may be superficially similar to an overstory removal cutting.
Licenses typically must be renewed annually or after some small number of years.
Lied Center of Kansas is the performing arts center at the University of Kansas.
Lieutenant Kaydel Ko Connix is a fictional character in the Star Wars franchise.
Life Choices with Erie Chapman is a syndicated television show on health topics.
Life in Space is the follow up solo album by Nik Turner to Space Fusion Odyssey.
Lightless Walk is the debut studio album by American metalcore band Cult Leader.
Lights and Offerings is the first studio album by British synthpop band Mirrors.
Light Square also known as Wauwi is one of five squares in the City of Adelaide.
Lihing is a type of Malaysian rice wine that originated from the state of Sabah.
Like other fritillaries it is dependent on warm climates with violet rich flora.
Lilium occidentale is a perennial herb sometimes exceeding two meters in height.
Lillian Palmer had a workshop in the basement where she practiced her metal art.
Lime Kiln Hollow was named for the fact a lime kiln once operated in the valley.
Limnichthys is a genus of sandburrowers native to the Indian and Pacific oceans.
LinaceaeThe APG II system assigns the plants involved to the order Malpighiales.
Linakaneng is a community council located in the Mokhotlong District of Lesotho.
Lincoln St. Marks is a closed railway station on the Nottingham to Lincoln Line.
Line extensions contribute to integrate the painted subject with its background.
Ling is a recipient of the Humanitarian Award from the Brain Mapping Foundation.
Lingkana Palace is a residence of King Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck of Bhutan.
Linguistic rights in Africa are stated in constitutions which differ by country.
Linguistic rights in Europe are stated in constitutions which differ by country.
Lionel Stander plays the role of "Spider" Schultz in both versions of the movie.
Lipanimal has high school name called Shree Bhoj Bhagat higher secondary school.
"Lip" was written about wanting to give power to anger in the face of injustice.
Liquid breathing has also been proposed for use in deep diving and space travel.
Liquid water has no rotational spectrum but does absorb in the microwave region.
Lira Motorsports is a driver development satellite team for Roush Fenway Racing.
Lisagh Farrell or Lewis Farrell was an Irish soldier of the seventeenth century.
Lisa has since appeared in a wide range of roles on the stage and in television.
Lis Lauritzen is a Danish cruise ship Captain for Royal Caribbean International.
List of recurring and minor characters from the CBS television series Cold Case.
List of shipwreck sites which are popular amongst scuba divers for wreck diving.
List of unincorporated communities in Louisiana is the list of populated places.
Literary works of all genres were serialized and published in the press as well.
"Literature" can also simply an artistic use of words for the sake of art alone.
Litoral Nordeste is a microregion in the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Norte.
Little Bay East is a town in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador.
Little Bit of Country is the ninth studio album by Australian group the Seekers.
Little Catalina is a town in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador.
Live at Carnegie Hall is the fourth live album by American singer Liza Minnelli.
Live at the El Mocambo is a live video by Stevie Ray Vaughan and Double Trouble.
Live from Melbourne is the fourth video album by American recording artist Pink.
Live History India is an ode to the billion fascinating stories that make India.
Live in Ancient Kourion is a live album by American heavy metal band Iced Earth.
Live in Frisco was also released as in a double pack with the Get Up and Die EP.
Live on KUCI is the third release and first live album by The Littlest Man Band.
Live performance guitar duties are now handled by Jason NeSmith and Bryan Poole.
Living Landscapes are large areas in which both people and wildlife can prosper.
Livy records that the two forces dumped their baggage and fought where they met.
L. jordanis is a rare human pathogen and can cause respiratory tract infections.
Llacanora District is one of twelve districts of the province Cajamarca in Peru.
Llanarth is roughly six miles east of Abergavenny and four miles west of Raglan.
Llanllwch is a small hamlet in Wales approximately two miles west of Carmarthen.
Llantwit Fardre was a station on the Llantrisant and Taff Vale Junction Railway.
Lloyd attended more than a dozen specialized training courses during his career.
Lloyd Owen played Henry in The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles television series.
Lobbying intensified after Lotus software offered these benefits to its workers.
Local authorities or commercial businesses may provide public toilet facilities.
Local football championships of Greece are lowest leagues of the Greek Football.
Local Government New Zealand is the Local Government Association of New Zealand.
Local high school sports and local sports talk programs also air on the station.
Localism describes a range of political philosophies which prioritize the local.
Local Member of Parliament Harry Cohen had been a vocal opponent of this scheme.
Local officials had little power to make decisions or revise the decisions made.
Local residents have been campaigning for the return of the railway to Lampeter.
Located at Kot Manan is a park or place of interest named Anwar Baig Form House.
Located in the district and listed separately is the Franklin Pierce Tate House.
Located in the district and separately listed is the Bradford County Courthouse.
Located in the district is the separately listed Old Davidson County Courthouse.
Located in the neighborhood is Regis University and the Willis Case golf course.
Located in the Rhondda Fach valley it is a district of the community of Ynyshir.
Located within the district is the Elk County Court House and its attached jail.
Location filming took place in the St. Pauli district and Lugano in Switzerland.
Loenen en Wolferen is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Gelderland.
Logs were soaked to remove the characteristic onion scent and sold as Red Cedar.
Lokori is home to a number of prehistoric Namoratunga rock art and burial sites.
London Road is the second studio album by British electronic rock band Modestep.
Lone Star is the eponymous debut studio album by Welsh hard rock band Lone Star.
Longview is located on between Simcoe to the east and Bethpage to the southwest.
Lord Narayana incarnated as Ayya Vaikundar and arose from the sea at this place.
Loren L. Ryder was nominated for an Academy Award in the category of Best Sound.
Los Angeles magazine is a monthly publication dedicated to covering Los Angeles.
Lost in Light Rotation is the sixth studio album from indie pop band Tullycraft.
Lostroh has suffered more than his fair share of injuries throughout his career.
Louise is a member of the Mitchell family and briefly part of the Fowler family.
Louise Woodworth Foss was regarded as the best American elocutionist in her day.
Louis Perano of Bryanston Pictures eventually purchased the distribution rights.
Love for the Streets is the third album by the Swedish rock band Caesars Palace.
Love Is Simple is the third studio album by experimental rock band Akron/Family.
Lovell currently serves as an assistant coach with the Gold Coast Football Club.
Lovemarks is a marketing concept that is intended to replace the idea of brands.
Love Matters works mainly online via its own websites and social media channels.
Lovers rock is a style of reggae music noted for its romantic sound and content.
Lovetot is credited with the building of a motte and bailey castle in Sheffield.
Lowe later moved to Sydney and was hired by the RBA straight out of high school.
Lower Huxley Hall lies less than half a mile to the immediate north of the hall.
Lower Mount Bethel Township is located in the Lehigh Valley region of the state.
LPI is committed to the development of a global standard in Linux certification.
Lubbock is a small lunar impact crater on the western edge of Mare Fecunditatis.
Lucama Elementary School implemented a rule that students could not buy tickets.
Lucas also permitted the use of original sound effects and music from the films.
Luca Scorrano is an Italian biologist who works at University of Padua in Italy.
Lucigenin is an aromatic compound used in areas which include chemoluminescence.
Lucius Nonius Asprenas was a Roman senator who flourished during the Principate.
Lucius Roscius Aelianus Maecius Celer was a Roman senator of the second century.
Luck joined ACNielsen to assist in the development of digital rights management.
Lucknow Charbagh Railway Station is a proposed Lucknow Metro station in Lucknow.
Lucky Ones is the third studio album by American country music artist Pat Green.
Lucullus again routed them at the confluence of the Aesepus and Granicus Rivers.
Luedemannella is named after the Russian actinomycetologist George M. Luedemann.
Lugassy had gained popularity in the recent years thanks to her YouTube channel.
Lugbara cuisine is one of the meals of East Africa and the ancient Lado Enclave.
Luhu is an Austronesian spoken in the west of Seram Island in eastern Indonesia.
Luis Carranza District is one of eight districts of the province La Mar in Peru.
Luis del Carmen is a municipality in the Chalatenango department of El Salvador.
Luke Ronchi was awarded player of the match and player of the tournament awards.
Lumps of amber preserved with one specimen indicate it may have fed on tree sap.
Lunsar is a town in Port Loko District in the Northern Province of Sierra Leone.
Lunsers refers to the Liverpool University Neuroleptic Side Effect Rating Scale.
Lusenga Plain National Park has a cultural significance to two different groups.
Lusse is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
LuxSpace is a European space systems contractor based in Betzdorf in Luxembourg.
Lycaenesthini is a tribe of lycaenid butterflies in the subfamily Polyommatinae.
Lydia was an ancient kingdom in western Anatolia during the first millennium BC.
Lyngam is an Austroasiatic language of Northeast India closely related to Khasi.
Lyon Clerk and Keeper of the Records is a legal and heraldic office in Scotland.
Lyon have won the reserves title of the Championnat de France amateur six times.
MacBreak is a production of the TWiT.tv network in association with Pixel Corps.
Macedonian cuisine is the cuisine of the region of Macedonia in northern Greece.
Machhti is a Village in Dildarnagar kamsar in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
Machines such as the ZX Spectrum or Mega Drive took advantage of this situation.
Mac Innaighneorach is one of the earliest recorded Irish professional musicians.
Mackerel typically have vertical stripes on their backs and deeply forked tails.
Macklin became the first woman to hold a leadership position in the Labor Party.
MacLeod was not offered a seat in the Senate during or following his presidency.
Macmillan publishes monographs and textbooks for the sciences under the imprint.
Macnish was a Western Australian and his early football was played with Subiaco.
Macrodactylus subspinosus is a North American beetle of the family Scarabaeidae.
Macroperipatus is a genus of Neotropical velvet worms in the Peripatidae family.
Macrovision claims the software is completely removed after the disk is removed.
MAC service data unit or MSDU stands for media access control service data unit.
Madame Mao is a historical novel by Anchee Min detailing the life of Jiang Qing.
Madawala has gained a positive reputation and popularity because of this school.
Madaya is a township of Pyin Oo Lwin District in the Mandalay Division of Burma.
Madduri Venugopal better known as Master Venu was an Indian film music composer.
Made In Dance is the first studio album by Lebanese electropop duo Slutterhouse.
Madhura Nagar railway station is located in the Madhura Nagar Ward in Vijaywada.
Madison County public education is served by the Madison County School District.
Mad Labs is a British TV documentary series for the National Geographic Channel.
Madoka is a software system for supporting the automation of business processes.
Mafia is the first EP by Italian technical death metal band Fleshgod Apocalypse.
Magdalena District is one of twelve districts of the province Cajamarca in Peru.
Maged George Elias Ghattas is an Egyptian politician with a military background.
Magic Is A Child is the seventh album from English progressive rock band Nektar.
Magic Match is now the property of Oberon Games and has spawned several sequels.
MAG is also the sole developer and provider of an electric version of the truck.
Magnanti first rose to fame as a blogger who documented her life as a call girl.
Magnolia Award for Best Actor is awarded under the Shanghai Television Festival.
Magnum Cars is a Canadian company that manufactures sports cars and racing cars.
Magnus was a computer algebra system designed to solve problems in group theory.
Magsaysay is surrounded by mountains to the east and Surigao Strait to the west.
Maguk is one of the only waterfalls in Kakadu that flows while there is no rain.
Mahabubnagar is the district headquarters which is popularly known as palamoor..
Mahadula is a census town in Nagpur district in the Indian state of Maharashtra.
Maha lakshmi is believed to be residing in Chottanikkara along with Lord Vishnu.
Mahasamund is a town in Mahasamund District in the Indian state of Chhattisgarh.
Mahatma Gandhi declared that he would fast unto death if the riots did not stop.
Mahender Singh is an Indian politician and member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
Mahendra Bhatt is an Indian politician and member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
Mahesh Babu played a dual role in his first time as a child artist in this film.
Mahesh Joshi is an Indian politician and member of the Indian National Congress.
Maheshwar Singh is an Indian politician and member of the Himachal Lokhit Party.
Main Aur Mr. Riight tells the story of a single girl in search of her Mr. Right.
Mainfonds is a former commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
Main sources of income is tourism but Nassereith is now community for commuters.
Mainstream press coverage generated a public controversy and a stir in academia.
Maisie MacKenzie is the title character in a series of books by Aileen Paterson.
Majocchi appeared as a prosecution witness in her subsequent trial for adultery.
Major County is a county in the northwestern part of the U.S. state of Oklahoma.
Major events have been shown to bring significant economic benefit to the state.
Major General Jahangir Al Mustahidur Rahman is the present chairman of the body.
Major musical influence attributed to Uncle Dave Macon and others taught by him.
Major subjects in his work have included the collapse of Soviet Union and India.
Major William E. Barfield was assigned as the Commanding Officer of the Company.
Makarov played in the Russian Superleague as a member of Metallurg Novokuznetsk.
Makrana is famous for the white stone and marble taken from the mines around it.
Malassezia nana is a fungus which can cause opportunistic infections in animals.
Malaville is a former commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
Malayalapuzha is a village outside the city suburbs of Pathanamthitta in Kerala.
Males and females look similar in plumage but males have a spur on their tarsus.
Males are brightly colored but females are olive above and yellow to buff below.
Males have a semblance of a tail and the female has an almost rounded rear wing.
Malherbe was nominated for European Film Award for Best Actress for Little Tony.
Malik ul Salih establishes the first Muslim state of Samudra Pasai in Indonesia.
Malita is known for various cultural arts and heritage of its people and tribes.
Malkit Singh Tehang is a long standing leader of the Sikh community in Sandwell.
Malleus Maleficarum is the debut album by the Dutch death metal band Pestilence.
Mallory Haldeman is an American IFBB professional figure and fitness competitor.
Malloy and incumbent Lieutenant Governor Nancy Wyman were renominated unopposed.
Mall walking in the United States is especially popular amongst senior citizens.
Mal Sanders won the "knockout" tournament by winning three matches at the event.
Maltese euro coins feature three separate designs for the three series of coins.
Malvan taluka is a taluka in Sindhudurg district of Maharashtra an Indian state.
Mambo Nassau is the second studio album by French singer Lizzy Mercier Descloux.
Manage and recover the costs associated with line losses and ancillary services.
ManageEngine AssetExplorer is asset management software which manages IT assets.
Management of the archives has been taken over by the South West Heritage Trust.
Manahar is a village in Chandauli district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
Manakondur is a village in Karimnagar district of the Indian state of Telangana.
Mandarich is the only player of those five not in the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
Mandepudi is a village in Guntur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Mandesh is the historical name by which the mountain region of Ghor was called .
Mangei Gamango is said to have devised the tribal language of Rayagada district.
Mangollu is a village in Krishna district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Manifest Decimation is the debut album by American thrash metal band Power Trip.
Manikpur and Kara were important seats of government in the early Muslim period.
Mankameshwar Temple in Agra is one of the ancient temples devoted to Lord Shiva.
Manny Many Prizes is a Philippine television game show broadcast by GMA Network.
Manoptica characters do not have the circular heads typical of other Thai fonts.
Mansour is currently President of the National Rally for Reform and Development.
Manual exploration may be performed directly or through intervening body layers.
Manufactured steel fire rings are available in various sizes to suit every need.
Manupeu Tanah Daru National Park is located on the island of Sumba in Indonesia.
Manushyanu Oru Aamukham is the debut novel of Malayalam writer Subhash Chandran.
Many accounts of the wooing play describe its performers as being farm laborers.
Manyame Air Base is one of the two main air bases for the Air Force of Zimbabwe.
Many animals possess inherent abilities to add more strategic depth to the game.
Many Bangladeshis trying to escape grinding poverty are also among the migrants.
Many blacks were rounded up and held behind a cordon and then moved to the jail.
Many children at the school are the children and grandchildren of past students.
Many classification systems have been used over a hundred years of tank history.
Many colleges and universities in Massachusetts are active in college athletics.
Many community events including protests and festivals are held at the location.
Many conservation efforts have been made to preserve parts of the Indiana Dunes.
Many cuamiles are terraced with retaining walls for the prevention of soil loss.
Many different oncomirs have been identified in numerous types of human cancers.
Many different strategies have been proposed as solutions for cartilage defects.
Many disk/controller subsystems reserve storage to remap defective disk sectors.
Many ex St Helens CC players "crossed the road" to play at the newly named club.
Many former athletes suffer from health problems related to steroid consumption.
Many gas station pumps are equipped with a velocity fuse to limit gasoline flow.
Many have Player Owned Stations and may have items related to events run by GMs.
Many have their origins in older board sports such as skateboarding and surfing.
Many lead mines in the area were owned by the Gell family of nearby Hopton Hall.
Many Magnet instructors and performers write and lend their voices to The Truth.
Many members of Australian Science fiction fandom have been members of the MSFC.
Many members of the Nagarathar and Mutharaiyar groups are among its inhabitants.
Many metering pumps are rated to be able to pump into a high discharge pressure.
Many NASA Social events are at least partially broadcast on NASA TV and UStream.
Many notable discoveries have been made using the techniques of paleoseismology.
Many of his blog posts are frequently cited in the press and in academic papers.
Many of his earlier writings can be found on his University of Colorado website.
Many of his finds have also found new lives as furnishings for lofts and condos.
Many of his later works were printed for the general public in French and Dutch.
Many of the American troops were also involved in their first combat operations.
Many of the characters are named after characters from the tales of King Arthur.
Many of the characters are named after characters from various detective novels.
Many of the clubs players have represented the club at county or national level.
Many of the coeducational schools formed the South Eastern Colleges Association.
Many of the core game mechanics of Vega Strike are indirectly inspired by Elite.
Many of the educational toys Dusyma produced were inspired by the Froebel gifts.
Many of the grapes grown in Los Carneros are used for sparkling wine production.
Many of their works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Many of the military surplus aircraft subsequently entered into civil operation.
Many of them went on to sing at the Metropolitan Opera and other leading houses.
Many of the scouts who staged the mutiny were sentenced to lengthy prison terms.
Many of these artists would later become known for their drum and bass material.
Many of these books and manuals are written by and for extremist Islamic groups.
Many of the tracks survived for as little as three years before being abandoned.
Many other drugs including common antibiotics may cause bone marrow suppression.
Many other Spanish Sephardim also emigrated to Calabria following the expulsion.
Many people experience a recurrence of the condition after periods of remission.
Many people visit the temple during this fair and seek blessings from the deity.
Many people who do not live within the boundaries of the parish attend services.
Many projects now serve the public like concrete roads and lights in every home.
Many public and private buildings in Western Australia feature Donnybrook stone.
Many punk bands and heavy metal bands started their careers playing at the club.
Many racers received their monikers from the pithy play by play race announcers.
Many Renaissance fairs are set during the reign of Queen Elizabeth I of England.
Many small theaters use stock platforms with coffin locks built into the frames.
Many still serve in a military role in foreign air arms or are in private hands.
Many taxonomists now place this genus in Lonchura with the mannikins and munias.
Many viewers of the serial requested Humayun Ahmed to save the character "Tuni".
Many villagers sent their teenage children to work in the factory in Phnom Penh.
Many word search puzzles have a theme to which all the hidden words are related.
Many young people died who probably would have lived had conditions been better.
Maomingosuchus is an extinct genus of tomistomine from Eocene deposits of China.
Maotherium belongs to an extinct group of Mesozoic mammals called symmetrodonts.
Maps in this orientation are sometimes called upside down maps or reversed maps.
Mapuche silverwork is one of the best known aspects of Mapuche material culture.
Marathahalli is an eastern suburb of Bengaluru city in Karnataka state of India.
Marc Bogaerts is a Belgian choreographer and artistic director living in Berlin.
Marceline is a city in Chariton and Linn counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.
Marcelino Teodoro is a Filipino politician who is the current Mayor of Marikina.
Marcie is a studious girl who is sometimes depicted as being terrible at sports.
Marcus Tsutakawa is the youngest of four children of George and Ayame Tsutakawa.
Marey is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Maria is a fictional character in the play Twelfth Night by William Shakespeare.
Mariana eventually won the final island duel and was allowed back into the game.
Marie Elementary School is located in the southern Jasper County village of Ste.
Marie Walk of Fame is a series of markers located throughout downtown Sault Ste.
Marigot is the main town and capital in the French Collectivity of Saint Martin.
Marilyn Janet Breen is a professor of mathematics at the University of Oklahoma.
Marion Brash is an American actress known for her work in television and cinema.
Marion is a city in Shawano and Waupaca counties in the U.S. state of Wisconsin.
Maripuu has been signed by the NASL Jacksonville Armada FC pending ITC approval.
Maris is a feminine given name in the English speaking countries and in Estonia.
Marjanne was a Canadian straight deck bulk carrier operating on the Great Lakes.
Markers of lymphatic endolthelium were not discovered until relatively recently.
Market for Loyalties Theory is a media theory based upon neoclassical economics.
Mark Jones is an English musician and the founder of Wall of Sound record label.
Mark M. Beckwith is tenth and current bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Newark.
Mark Nofri is the current head coach of the Sacred Heart Pioneers football team.
Markup is the ratio between the cost of a good or service and its selling price.
Marlpool railway station was a former railway station at Marlpool in Derbyshire.
Marromeu is a town in central Mozambique on the south side of the Zambezi River.
Marston Trussell is part of a united benefice along with Sibbertoft and Welford.
Martainville is a commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France.
Martens later served as president of the Saskatchewan Stock Growers Association.
Martin Bratanov is a male former international table tennis player from Belgium.
Martin Dew is a former English male badminton player who specialized in doubles.
Martinho Andrade de Oliveira was a Portuguese footballer who played as defender.
Martin is functionally bilingual and is considered an expert in judicial ethics.
Martins later donated the painting to the Museum of Modern Art in New York City.
Marudur is a panchayat town in Karur district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Marv has been well received both as a comic book character and a film character.
Mary Andrews College offers diplomas through the Australian College of Theology.
Marytown is located at the intersection of Fond du Lac County highways G and HH.
Maryvale is a rural locality in the Eyre and Western regions of South Australia.
Masar Caka was a professor at the faculty of arts of the University of Pristina.
Mascarenhas currently is the captain of the Cape Verde national basketball team.
MAS has been designated as a terrorist organization by the United Arab Emirates.
Masha Tupitsyn is an American writer and cultural critic based in New York City.
Mashed is a vehicular combat racing video game developed by Supersonic Software.
Masimedia is an independent production company created by producer Anthony Masi.
Mason Township is a civil township of Cass County in the U.S. state of Michigan.
Mason was also known for including passages from Christian sermons in his films.
Massachusetts law that made giving contraceptives to unmarried persons a felony.
Massapequa Park is a station on the Babylon Branch of the Long Island Rail Road.
Massat will also be responsible for justice and law within the Tanis government.
MassCourts is the case management system used in the Massachusetts court system.
Masson is best known for his conclusions about Sigmund Freud and psychoanalysis.
Master franchising is a method that has been employed by most franchise systems.
Master of Weapon is a game released by Taito for arcades and for the Mega Drive.
Mastic was a station stop along the Montauk Branch of the Long Island Rail Road.
Matheny was also a member of the Houston Oilers of the American Football League.
Mathias Entenmann studied industrial engineering at the University of Karlsruhe.
Mathura peda is a North Indian sweet dish that originated from Mathura in India.
Matthew B. Schrier is an American former photographer who escaped from al Qaeda.
Matthew Kressel is a Nebula and World Fantasy Award nominated author and editor.
Matthias Bachinger was the defending champion but chose not to defend his title.
Mattingly selected the Cheviot and Columbia breeds as the basis for his project.
Mattinson is officially the longest serving employee of The Walt Disney Company.
Matt Loughran was one of the two guitarists for the alternative metal band Cold.
Mavis Edna Meadowcroft was an international lawn bowls competitor for Australia.
Maw included the valley of the Zawgyi River and the Myelat plateau to the south.
Maxwell Gratton is Chief Executive Officer of the Melbourne Queer Film Festival.
Mayacamas Mountains are located in northwestern California in the United States.
May and Saxby continued to manage the airline for a short period after the sale.
Mayangaathey is a Tamil language romantic comedy horror directed by C.Kumaresan.
Maylands is a Legislative Assembly electorate in the state of Western Australia.
Mayor George Reginald Geary faced no opponents and was acclaimed for reelection.
May Sabai Phuu is a footballer from Myanmar who currently plays as a midfielder.
MBE is a British genealogist and former director of the Society of Genealogists.
MCA has to spell out the accounting standards applicable for companies in India.
McAllister Creek is a stream in Thurston County in the U.S. state of Washington.
McCaffrey has also presented a number of Manchester United and Liverpool videos.
McCain remained in command of Camp Devens after the division was disestablished.
McCain was followed by Mitt Romney in second and then by Mike Huckabee in third.
McCartan is also known as one half of the pop duo The Girl and the Dreamcatcher.
McCormack resigned from her position at the university before joining the Court.
McDonald is now furthering his career in London and playing semi professionally.
McGowan is professor emeritus of economics at Hobart and William Smith Colleges.
McGrath Cup is a Gaelic football competition played by the teams of Munster GAA.
McGreevy earned his B.A. from Notre Dame and his Ph.D. from Stanford University.
McGroder would continue to lobby for an NFL team in Buffalo for the next decade.
McHale is currently one of the four hosts of Sick of My Own Voice on Dash Radio.
McKinnon is a reporter and fill in presenter for Nine News and A Current Affair.
McLain Magnet High School is one of eleven high schools in Tulsa Public Schools.
McLeish then promptly registered the source of income with the House of Commons.
McMichael served as a production assistant for the short film Where Snakes Roam.
McShane is the younger cousin of former Hamilton Academical player John McShane.
Meads is an area of the town of Eastbourne in the English county of East Sussex.
Meals in Niger usually start with colorful salads made from seasonal vegetables.
Meann P. Regala serves as the executive producer for the entire run of the show.
Meanwhile SC Waterloo acquired their third Second Division regular season title.
Mechanize is the seventh studio album by American heavy metal band Fear Factory.
Medalla served as dean of the University of the Philippines School of Economics.
Media in Nigeria has a long history in comparison to most other African nations.
MediaShow software can be purchased online or in popular computer retail stores.
Mediated transport refers to transport mediated by a membrane transport protein.
Medical facilities generate waste hazardous chemicals and radioactive materials.
Medical personnel are then dispatched to the site where the alarm was activated.
Medina is a municipality and town of Colombia in the department of Cundinamarca.
Medusa is a marble sculpture of the eponymous character from the classical myth.
Medway is one of the boroughs included in the Thames Gateway development scheme.
Meehan was shot and killed while sleeping in his home with his wife at his side.
Meerman made his professional debut at Feijenoord and also played for Excelsior.
Megan Albertus is an actress who appeared in film prior to her time on the show.
Megaphyllum unilineatum is included in the genus Megaphyllum and family Julidae.
Megistaspis is a genus of trilobites in the order Asaphida and family Asaphidae.
Mehlhaff has also been a member of the Minnesota Vikings and Hartford Colonials.
Mehlhaff served at the University of Tennessee as Special Teams Quality Control.
Me How is the ninth studio album by American country music artist Lorrie Morgan.
Melcombe Horsey is a civil parish in the county of Dorset in South West England.
Melissa Adams of Fredericton would win her first ever provincial Scotties title.
Mellacheruvu is a village in Suryapet district of the Indian state of Telangana.
Melrose and Western View are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Melt Sieberhagen is a South African actor and comic and was born in Ventersdorp.
Member companies mainly execute financial audit and related consultant services.
Members are enrolled into the Quechan Tribe of the Fort Yuma Indian Reservation.
Members could opt to suspend membership for periods of absence from the country.
Membership ranges from the Associate class through to the Doctoral Fellow class.
Members of the Athletic Band receive course credit for their band participation.
Members of the band also moonlight as a Ramones tribute band called The Ramores.
Members of the Canadian Royal Family have also been guests of honor at the fair.
Members of the community are told the cameras are present to film a documentary.
Members of the genus are uniquely parasites in the abdominal cavity of the body.
Members of this family come from Neotropical areas of South and Central America.
Members of "T.I." also frequently refer to the club as "The Glorious Tiger Inn."
Membury is a village three miles north west of Axminster in East Devon district.
Memoria was the term for aspects involving memory in Western classical rhetoric.
Menodora is a genus of perennial plants and shrubs in the olive family Oleaceae.
Menora cooperated with the investigation and addressed the issues that surfaced.
Meracanthomyia is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton went in to the race as the defending race winner.
Mercury is notable for being the only metal which is liquid at room temperature.
Merely the intent to engage another in an act of murder qualifies as soliciting.
Merendino created the film based on his experience growing up in Salt Lake City.
Merlinius brevidens is a plant pathogenic nematode infecting barley and sorghum.
Meryl Streep received an Academy Award nomination for her performance as Orlean.
Mesheau said he had left willingly as he did not intend to run for another term.
Mesozoic sediments of marine origin occur in the coastal area along the Red Sea.
Message for the Masses is the second independent album recorded by Sanctus Real.
Message propagation uses Advanced Queuing mechanism within the Oracle databases.
Messages have been received via mobile phones from people trapped in the rubble.
Metalegoceratidae is one of eleven families of the Neoicoceratoidea superfamily.
Metal Jesus is the debut release of the Danish black metal band Horned Almighty.
Metallophytes commonly exist as specialized flora found on spoil heaps of mines.
Metals have a much higher reflection and are therefore less angularly dependent.
Metamorpheus is an expression on Orpheus and his passage through the Underworld.
Metataxis can also be analyzed as a combination of accent movement and metatony.
Methocarbamol is a central muscle relaxant used to treat skeletal muscle spasms.
Methodist Church is a Victorian Methodist church near Bishopthorpe Road in York.
Methylphosphonic acid is an organophosphorus compound with the chemical formula.
Metopiinae are a worldwide subfamily of the parasitic wasp family Ichneumonidae.
Metrolinx has approved for a Kirby GO Station along the Barrie line to be built.
Metro Music is the debut album by Canadian new wave band Martha and the Muffins.
Mettenberger has also played for the San Diego Chargers and Pittsburgh Steelers.
MFIL had also marketed fruit juice concentrate under brand name Rasika in Delhi.
MGS and LRS are television stations owned by WIN Corporation in South Australia.
Mhonlumo Kikon is an Indian politician and member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
MHSnet was a key technology in the introduction of Internet access in Australia.
Michael and Grace first met when she was baptized when they were both teenagers.
Michael Cashmore is an English composer and musician currently living in Berlin.
Michael J. Dowling is president and chief executive officer of Northwell Health.
Michael M. Kozlov is a Full Professor of cell biophysics at Tel Aviv University.
Michele Denise Bruniges AM is an Australian teacher and education administrator.
Michel Haas is a French writer and researcher in the field of paleoanthropology.
Michel has won six singles and two doubles titles on the ITF tour in her career.
Michelle F. Brownlee is a politician from the U.S. commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
Mick Clarke replied and they then moved into a flat to work on further material.
Microbacterium azadirachtae can promote plant growth by producing phytohormones.
Microphotolepis is a genus of slickheads found in the Pacific and Indian Oceans.
Microscopically it differs from Neolentinus by the absence of clamp connections.
Microsoft also purchased DNA it used to do research in DNA digital data storage.
Microtrombidiidae is a family of micro velvet mites in the order Trombidiformes.
Middleburgh and Schoharie Railroad was a railroad in the U.S. state of New York.
Middle Rocks and South Ledge should be regarded as dependencies of Pedra Branca.
Midge orchids are terrestrial herbs with a single leaf at the base of the plant.
Midian is the fourth studio album by English extreme metal band Cradle of Filth.
Midnight Stroll is a blues album by Robert Cray and featuring the Memphis Horns.
Midway Peak is a mountain located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia.
Migrant workers in Kuwait constitute a significant proportion of the population.
Mike Gallagher is an American radio host and conservative political commentator.
Mike took up coaching after retiring from the game due to a serious neck injury.
Military applications for USVs include powered seaborne targets and minehunting.
Military personnel were returned to the United States in Operation Magic Carpet.
Milk and cream are often sold according to the amount of butterfat they contain.
Millennium Greens are areas of green space for the benefit of local communities.
Miller encompasses the westernmost part of the Indiana Dunes National Lakeshore.
Million Dollar Boy is the third solo studio album by the Canadian rapper K.Maro.
Millstein is also well known for his representation of victims of the Holocaust.
Millus was a legendary king of the Britons as recounted by Geoffrey of Monmouth.
Mimotopes are commonly obtained from phage display libraries through biopanning.
Miner and DuPont did not remain with the band for the duration of its existence.
Minibloq is a graphical development environment for Arduino and other platforms.
Minimum Security is a comic strip written and illustrated by Stephanie McMillan.
Mini Ton class was an offshore sailing class of the International Offshore Rule.
Minmose might have been buried close the temple of Hatshepsut at Deir el Bahari.
Minoan religion was the religion of the Bronze Age Minoan civilization of Crete.
Mira Loma Air Force Station is a closed facility of the United States Air Force.
Mishima ware refers to different types of imported and adopted Japanese pottery.
Mishra was an opponent of the leadership of Sitaram Kesri in the Congress party.
Misisi has been identified as one of the five worst slums in Sub Saharan Africa.
"Misled" topped the US Dance Club Songs chart and reached number four in Canada.
Misraq Este or East Este is one of the woredas in the Amhara Region of Ethiopia.
Miss America is a fictional comic book superheroine from the DC Comics Universe.
Miss Bhutan is a national beauty pageant held annually in the Kingdom of Bhutan.
Missionary kids are just one of the many categories of kids who qualify as TCKs.
Missions flown by the flight included partisan supply drops and agent insertion.
Missirah Wadene is an arrondissement of Koungheul in Kaffrine Region in Senegal.
Miss the Mississippi is an album by American country music singer Crystal Gayle.
Mister Monday is the first novel in the Keys to the Kingdom series by Garth Nix.
Mitcham tram stop is a Tramlink stop in Mitcham in the London Borough of Merton.
Mitchell and Troughton will reprise their roles as Laura and Danny respectively.
Mitchell played high school football at Benjamin E. Mays High School in Atlanta.
Mitsubishi Electric Corporation later established an equity position in Powerex.
Mixon shot and killed two Oakland police officers during a routine traffic stop.
M. Kandaswamy is an Indian politician belonging to the Indian National Congress.
MMX is the third studio album by German metalcore band War from a Harlots Mouth.
Mobile stations with high data rate inside the cell are used as multihop relays.
Mobilong was the original name for the early settlement of Murray Bridge itself.
Mobutu quickly seized complete power of the Congo and renamed the country Zaire.
Mockava is a village and railway station in Lithuania on the border with Poland.
Mocuba is a city and seat of Mocuba District of Zambezia Province in Mozambique.
Modern logicians would not regard it as a paradox but simply as a logical error.
Modern propaganda includes using a variety of media in order to spread messages.
Modern usages of whiteface can be contrasted with Blackface in contemporary art.
Modumudi is a village in the Krishna district of Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Modus Operandi is the debut studio album by British drum and bass artist Photek.
Mofida Ahmed was an Indian politician belonging to the Indian National Congress.
Mohabbat Jaye Bhar Mein is a family drama comedy serial directed by Mazhar Moin.
Mohammed bin Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani is a member of the Royal House of Thani.
Moira is the sixth story CD released by the Japanese fantasy band Sound Horizon.
Moiz Shahid is a UAE cricketer who currently plays for the United Arab Emirates.
Mo Khan won the Open Championship defeating Abdelfattah Abou Taleb in the final.
Molale also played football and began acting classes at Fresno State University.
Molly Shannon portrayed her American version in the short lived American series.
Molybdenum disulfide is an inorganic compound composed of molybdenum and sulfur.
Monacrostichus is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
Money Heavyweight is the fifth and final studio album by hip hop duo Big Tymers.
Money mules are complicit and risk criminal prosecution and long jail sentences.
Mong Hsu Township is a township of Loilen District in the Shan State of Myanmar.
Mong Nai Township is a township of Loilem District in the Shan State of Myanmar.
Monkeytown is the third studio album by the German electronic band Modeselektor.
Monk Gets on Board is the seventeenth novel based on the television series Monk.
Monocytopenia is a form of leukopenia associated with a deficiency of monocytes.
Monospaced fonts are customary on typewriters and for typesetting computer code.
Monotherium is an extinct genus of phocid belonging to the subfamily Monachinae.
Monroe Morton attended the Knox Institute and became a messenger for Major Knox.
Monsanto Company was an agrochemical and agricultural biotechnology corporation.
Monsignor John E. Kozar is a priest of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Pittsburgh.
Montana wine refers to wine made from grapes grown in the U.S. state of Montana.
Montazels is a commune in the Aude department in the Occitanie region of France.
Monte Castelo is a municipality in Santa Catarina in the South region of Brazil.
Monte Quemado is a municipality and village in Santiago del Estero in Argentina.
Monterrey Challenger was a professional tennis tournament played on hard courts.
Montevideo Shopping Center is the first shopping mall that opened in Montevideo.
Montfort is a village in Grant and Iowa Counties in the U.S. state of Wisconsin.
Montoya has a degree in Agricultural Engineering from the Universidad de Sonora.
Moody Radio is one of the largest Christian radio networks in the United States.
Moojub is a solitaire card game which is played using one deck of playing cards.
Moore also accompanied blues pianist Shorty Bob Parker on six of his own tracks.
Moore also has the most Southern Conference Coach of the Year awards with seven.
Moore began her career as a videographer for CBC Television before joining City.
Moore County history is highlighted in the Window on the Plains Museum in Dumas.
Mopidevi is a village in Krishna district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Morabaraba is today most popular amongst rural African youth in Southern Africa.
Moral clarity is a catchphrase associated with American political conservatives.
Morali was also part of the French rock band Tahiti Boy and the Palmtree Family.
Moral suasion is an appeal to morality in order to influence or change behavior.
Morbid Funeral is the fourth studio album by Swedish death metal band Bloodbath.
More advanced image processing techniques must be applied to recover the object.
More complex organisms came to inhabit the state during the early Paleozoic era.
More detailed analysis of the game can raise more complex statistical questions.
Morehead high school is a part of the Rockingham County Schools school district.
Morehead State University is currently the only public school in the conference.
More is known about this William than those who had previously bore the surname.
Moremoholo is a community council located in the Mokhotlong District of Lesotho.
Moreover Depok Dua Tengah and Depok Dua Timur is located within the subdistrict.
More recent advocates include moral and cultural anthropologist Richard Shweder.
More recently his art has become more concerned with Nigerian social conditions.
More recently it has expressed support for a carbon tax and the Paris agreement.
More recent ports of the Music Kit were done by Leigh Smith and Stephen Brandon.
More recent work is focussed on inequalities in health behavior and health care.
More research is needed to determine the best phylogenetic placement for Gobrya.
More than half of those with cirrhosis and significant HE live less than a year.
More than one dozen medals were awarded to him at various exhibitions in Europe.
Morgan Avenue is a station on the BMT Canarsie Line of the New York City Subway.
Morgan has since contended that she too will continue a separate musical avenue.
Morgan is a city in the U.S. state of Utah and the county seat of Morgan County.
Morituri from creator Peter B. Gillis expected to be its first live action film.
Mori was the military lawyer for Australian Guantanamo Bay detainee David Hicks.
Morlu has also been a member of the Winnipeg Blue Bombers and Toronto Argonauts.
"Morocco" was featured on a pop music compilation album released by Nylo Hotels.
Morris et al. have described the process as "obligately mutualistic metabolism".
Morris has also appeared as a guest vocalist on several albums by other artists.
Moscow Racer is an racing game featuring driving in realistic streets of Moscow.
Moses plays in the central midfield and last played for KVC Westerlo in Belgium.
MoShang is a downtempo musician and music producer originally from South Africa.
Moshi Urban is one of the seven districts of the Kilimanjaro Region of Tanzania.
Mosmota is a village and municipality in San Luis Province in central Argentina.
Mosseldag or Day of the Mussels is an annual event in the Dutch town of Yerseke.
Most Aloft hotels are located in city centers or in close proximity to airports.
Most animations are done completely by one person or by a small group of people.
Most blamed the military for the excessive violence and human rights violations.
Most businesses use a post office box address in either Mesquite or Littlefield.
Most business simulations are used for business acumen training and development.
Most CD players only produce an output signal via a headphone jack or RCA jacks.
Most chess programs will search the first several moves at a node to full depth.
Most educational institutions are gender based from primary to university level.
Most felt that the song had the potential to be heard in clubs around the world.
Most food is served in a line of items that the customer pays for at the end of.
Most frass is ejected out of the mine though an opening in a corner of the mine.
Most home games will be played at the Brisbane Convention and Exhibition Center.
Most Homewood Suites hotels are independently owned and operated by franchisees.
Most Hypsipetes bulbuls are dark grayish birds with range or red bills and feet.
Most individuals have four paired cavities located in the cranial bone or skull.
Most information about the clan is provided in a chronicle by Peter von Dusburg.
Mostly he painted themes displaying rooms populated with aristocrats and clergy.
Most members were simply curious about psychoactive chemicals and allied issues.
Most mobile phones have a contact list feature which provides similar abilities.
Most modern diving depth gages have an electronic mechanism and digital display.
Most of its functions are now performed by the Department for Work and Pensions.
Most of its students reside in the communities of Aliso Viejo and Laguna Niguel.
Most of the annual run off the Baspa River is derived from glacier and snowmelt.
Most of the available land is devoted to agriculture due to the demand for food.
Most of the ELinOS software packages are open source and licensed under the GPL.
Most of the El Molo population have shifted to the neighboring Samburu language.
Most of the established artists were unable to duplicate their previous success.
Most of the functionality of Collaber appears to be similar to Microsoft Groove.
Most of their recordings and productions were done at Red Bus Studios in London.
Most of the land around the town is annexed into the city of North Myrtle Beach.
Most of them are endangered due to forest destruction and encroachment by weeds.
Most of the members of the Rabocheye Znamya group joined the Iskra organization.
Most of the members went on to greater fame with other bands or in session work.
Most of the Mitumba originates in developed countries such as the United States.
Most of the names can be traced to either the fourteenth or fifteenth centuries.
Most of the neighborhood lies within the floodplain of the Little Calumet River.
Most of the parish is within the Dedham Vale Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
Most of the passengers were pilgrims returning from visiting holy sites in Iraq.
Most of the pictures that illustrate these books have been taken by its founder.
Most of the population and agricultural resources are concentrated in the south.
Most of the rock studied and sampled at Volcano Vent is massive coherent basalt.
Most of these subscribe to some form of evangelical or charismatic Christianity.
Most of these wars and conflict have ended with defeat or disaster for Pakistan.
Most of the song is singing with Jacoby singing in the verses and also choruses.
Most of the space are warehouses with the minority used for industrial purposes.
Most of the structures in the core of the district are Federal style townhouses.
Most of the structures in this list are towers projecting from larger buildings.
Most of the Sydney metropolitan area is located within the County of Cumberland.
Most of the tracks on this release are covers of songs written by other artists.
Most of the variations listed below can also be performed on standing opponents.
Most outdoor booths feature the name and logo of the telephone service provider.
Most patients with nevus depigmentosus do not pursue treatment for their lesion.
Most people who are infected do not realize that they have been bitten by fleas.
Most people who are susceptible are generally otherwise normal when not exposed.
Most permanent residents are eligible to become citizens after a waiting period.
Most players also raise their arms or point at the umpire as part of the appeal.
Most printed versions of the text have the variant ferentis instead of ferentes.
Most recently Vernon was Chief of Staff for NATO forces in southern Afghanistan.
Most religious sites have water pools or sarovar in or near the temple/gurdwara.
Most seat licenses are valid for as long as the team plays in the current venue.
Most skyscrapers in Suzhou are clustered around the Suzhou Industrial Park area.
Most spiders vary the thickness and stickiness of their silk for different uses.
Most such persons remain healthy throughout their lives and are never diagnosed.
Most taxing jurisdictions do not have a separate classification for patio homes.
Most Youngest Nepali Football Team Star Bimal Magar was Born in Panchanagar VDC.
Motorola hoped to position the Q as an attractive alternative to the BlackBerry.
Moto X is an Android smartphone developed and manufactured by Motorola Mobility.
Motten is a municipality in the district of Bad Kissingen in Bavaria in Germany.
Mount Zion is a small mountain chain in the Central New York region of New York.
Mouyondzi is a district in the Bouenza Region of southern Republic of the Congo.
Moya District is one of nineteen districts of the province Huancavelica in Peru.
Mpulungu is also a fishing port and lies at the end of the old Great North Road.
Mpwapwa District is one of the seven districts of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania.
Mr. Briggs intended to restore the buildings as residences suitable for artists.
Mr Donaldson is also the wine columnist for The Press newspaper in Christchurch.
Mr. Olson has enjoyed a long and distinguished career in the insurance industry.
Mrs. Ashley Gorman is the principal and Mr. Brad Goodall is Assistant Principal.
Mrs. Davis is the founder of the Vicksburg and Warren County Historical Society.
Mr Simione Naikarua hails from Burenitu village in the district of Nalawa in Ra.
Mrs Tryphina Mboxela Jokweni was popularly known as Mboxela in the neighborhood.
Msirda Fouaga is a town and commune in Tlemcen Province in northwestern Algeria.
Ms. Kaplan is currently an anthropology professor at Vassar College in New York.
M. Sundardas is an Indian politician three times Member of Legislative assembly.
Mt. Pleasant borders the city of Gretna and the St. John/Robertsville community.
Much of her material is based around the facts that she is Jewish and a lesbian.
Much of her production work is done as a duo with business partner Vivian Stoll.
Much of our knowledge of the chemical makeup of the universe comes from spectra.
Much of the controversy Cole attracted resulted from the fact that he is Jewish.
Much of the history and rare flora and fauna remains and is enjoyed still today.
Much of the original system is still in use by ACL successor CSX Transportation.
Much of the remainder of the village was included in the civil parish of Fawley.
Much of the reserve is included within two Sites of Special Scientific Interest.
Much of what is known of Nayan was recorded by the Venetian traveler Marco Polo.
Much was made of the fact that the sketches chosen were shown in their entirety.
Muda started rowing at Weesp rowing club together with his twin brother Vincent.
Mudrooroo means paperbark in the Bibbulmun language group spoken by the Noongar.
Mudunuru is a village in Krishna district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Mulapadu is a village in Krishna district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Mullan also contributed regularly to television and radio coverage of the sport.
Multiple Cradle Launcher is the newest multiple rocket launcher in the UAE army.
Multiplicative digital roots are the multiplicative equivalent of digital roots.
Mummer was the first whole genome comparison system developed in Bioinformatics.
Mummification was practiced in the Philippines until the arrival of the Spanish.
Mundu SC is a Zanzibar football club based in Nungwi near Unguja in East Africa.
Muppalla is a village in Krishna district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Muppies is an organization dedicated to the advancement of Muslim professionals.
Murals were done on canvas with reliefs in Masonite leafed with gold and silver.
Murbella is a fictional character in the Dune universe created by Frank Herbert.
Murphy subsequently announced his intent to cross party lines and vote for Hart.
Muse is worn over the ears and connects to a companion mobile app via bluetooth.
Music is composed by Zulfiqar Ali and the film song lyrics are by Saeed Gillani.
Musicoin aims at simplifying the process of revenue generation and distribution.
Music videos were produced for the songs "Fake I.D." and "Last You Heard Of Me".
Music was composed by Chakri while cinematography was handled by Shyam K. Naidu.
Musquacook Stream is a tributary to the Allagash River in the North Maine Woods.
Mussert was leader of the NSB or National Socialist Movement in the Netherlands.
Musunuru is a village in Krishna district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Mutations in this gene are associated with mitochondrial complex III deficiency.
Mutations in this gene are associated with triosephosphate isomerase deficiency.
Muthu is the eldest son of late former Tamil Nadu chief minister M. Karunanidhi.
Muttawmp had actually converted to Christianity and had become a Praying Indian.
"Mutual even used ... the habit of putting a color in the title of every story."
Mu Ying was one of the few capable generals who survived the massacre of Hongwu.
Muzuca was a Roman Town of the Roman province of Byzacena during late antiquity.
MV Danica Joy was a passenger ferry owned and operated by Aleson Shipping Lines.
Mwaala gwa Nashilongo was the first Uukwaluudhi king to have had a twin brother.
Myanmar youth team had also crowned Asian youth championship titles seven times.
Mycotoxins are often arranged by physicians depending on what organ they effect.
Myelofibrosis is a condition that usually comes with the Gray Platelet syndrome.
Mygdonia A.C. has achieved success at both the national and international level.
Myiozetetes is a small genus of passerine birds in the tyrant flycatcher family.
My Name is the debut studio album by American hip hop recording artist Lil Durk.
Myoclonic epilepsy refers to a family of epilepsies that present with myoclonus.
Myocum is a small town located in the Northern Rivers Region of New South Wales.
Myotonic dystrophy is a long term genetic disorder that affects muscle function.
MyPlate is based on the recommendations of the Dietary Guidelines for Americans.
Myrmecia athertonensis is an Australian ant which belongs to the Myrmecia genus.
My Thing is the second studio album by American country music artist Luke Bryan.
My Trucker is an American reality TV show broadcast on Country Music Television.
Nagaland Congress is a regional political party in the Indian state of Nagaland.
Nagaland Congress is planning to rename the party as Nagaland Reformation Party.
Nagar is town and tehsil in Bharatpur district in the Indian state of Rajasthan.
Nagoya WEST Football Club is a Japanese football club based in Aichi Prefecture.
NAGs are volunteer working groups made up of representatives from the community.
Nair is a Singaporean poet and retired Director and Mediator of UNESCO in Paris.
Nai Soi is about three kilometers from the Ban Mai Nai Soi Karenni refugee camp.
Najah Souss is a Moroccan football club currently playing in the third division.
Naked is a short musical film directed by Sean Robinson and written by VP Boyle.
Nakrekal is a census town in Nalgonda district of the Indian state of Telangana.
Namballe District is one of seven districts of the province San Ignacio in Peru.
Namroth Blackthorn was replaced by Alsvid from the French black metal band Seth.
Nancy Butler Songer is the Dean of the School of Education at Drexel University.
Nancy is possibly the same vocalist from "Nancy Sings" on Chair Beside a Window.
Nancy Pitkin White Lippe is a former field hockey player from the United States.
Nancy Reagan was founding and honorary Chair of the National Family Partnership.
Nandigama is a village in Guntur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Nando de Freitas is a Professor of Computer Science at the University of Oxford.
Nani and Samantha won Nandi Awards for Best Actor and Best Actress respectively.
Nansen Dialog Network is a member of the European Peace Building Liaison Office.
Napolitano started his career at hometown club and Italian giant Internazionale.
Naranjo was selling her artwork at age fifteen at the New Mexico History Museum.
Narasaraopet is a city in Guntur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Narayanaswami Srinivasan is the president of the Tamil Nadu Cricket Association.
Narendra Mehta is an Indian politician and member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
Narrabeenia is a genus of flies in the family Dolichopodidae found in Australia.
Narrow banking would restrict banks to holding liquid and safe government bonds.
Narrow Boat is a book about life on the English canals written by L. T. C. Rolt.
Naschel is a village and municipality in San Luis Province in central Argentina.
Nashik contributes to more than half of the total grape export from the country.
Nashton is a ghost town located in the West Kootenay region of British Columbia.
Nasi lemak is a Malay fragrant rice dish cooked in coconut milk and pandan leaf.
Nasmyth is a lunar impact crater located near the southwestern limb of the Moon.
Natakamani is known from several temple buildings and from his pyramid in Meroe.
Natarajan is an Indian film actress who has appeared in regional language films.
Natco is providing its service from Rawalpindi to Karachi daily for last decade.
Nate Garrelts is an American academic who studies digital games and other media.
Nathpora is a village in Bandipora district of Jammu and Kashmir state of India.
National Archival Services of Norway for Southern Norway is located in Bellevue.
National Dog Show is a conformation show sanctioned by the American Kennel Club.
National teams are not always composed of the best available individual players.
National Trails are long distance footpaths and bridleways in England and Wales.
National Volunteer month in the United States takes place in the month of April.
Native speakers of aboriginal languages are generally not treated as allophones.
Natori served as a commissioner on the White House Conference on Small Business.
Natribacillus halophilus has been isolated from garden soil from Okabe in Japan.
Natural intermediate hosts of this organism are usually small rodents and moles.
Naukri is one of the earliest films where Kishore Kumar first gained prominence.
Navarino is a Chilean port facing the Beagle Channel in western Navarino Island.
Navel displacement is a condition in Yogic beliefs when the navel center shifts.
Navua District is located within Serua Province in the Central Division of Fiji.
Navut is an Oceanic language spoken in central Espiritu Santo Island in Vanuatu.
Nayaka dynasties emerged during the declining period of the Vijayanagara Empire.
NCWTR is affiliated with the National War Tax Resistance Coordinating Committee.
Near by educational institutions are Islamiya College and B K Model High School.
Nearby to the west lies a pond that may have been a fishpond used by the priory.
Nearly all public transit in the city is operated by the Utah Transit Authority.
Nearly every car model today offers this feature as at least optional equipment.
Nearness is an album by jazz saxophonist Joshua Redman and pianist Brad Mehldau.
Nebel also wrote three novels and many of his works were adapted for the screen.
Nederland is the Dutch name for the country known in English as the Netherlands.
Neha Oberoi is an Indian actress who has acted in Tollywood and Bollywood films.
NEHST is pronounced "next" and is the spelling of the Old English word for next.
Neighboring Greenway farms also resides on land once named "Poverty Discovered".
Neil Daniels is a freelance British writer specializing in rock and heavy metal.
Neil Metcalfe from Leeds is a former international standard competitive swimmer.
Neilson is a fictional character on the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street.
Neither has any official recognition by respective state or federal governments.
Nellis Air Force Base occupies a portion along the northeast margin of the Flat.
Nellore is a city in the Nellore district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Nelson also proved unpopular with players and was not retained after the season.
Nelson Head is a Canadian Arctic hypsographic cape in the Northwest Territories.
Nematophagous fungi can be useful in controlling those nematodes that eat crops.
Nemesis is a fictional comic book character owned by DC Comics/Wildstorm Comics.
Nemophora cassiterites is a moth of the Adelidae family or fairy longhorn moths.
Neobarrettia is a genus of spiny predatory katydids in the family Tettigoniidae.
Neochlorogenic acid could be involved in the laxative effect observed in prunes.
Neofascists started using the agitation of workless people for their propaganda.
Neomelodic music is a musical style originating from the Italian city of Naples.
Neonatal hepatitis is a form of hepatitis that affects the fetuses and neonates.
Neora is located in Danapur city in Patna district in the Indian state of Bihar.
Neot is a saint of the ninth century who lived as a monk and hermit in Cornwall.
Nesopupa is the type genus of the subfamily Nesopupinae within the Vertiginidae.
Nesquehoning was established as a result of the anthracite coal mining industry.
Nessovbaatar is a genus of extinct mammal from the Upper Cretaceous of Mongolia.
Netdisco is a network management tool suitable for small to very large networks.
Netflix is an American global provider of streaming films and television series.
NETROOM allowed this virtual machine to run as a multitasked background process.
Network convergence is primarily driven by development of technology and demand.
Networks was an information technology and computer networking products company.
Neuromechanics of orthoses refers to how the human body interacts with orthoses.
Neurons separated from a living brain usually die after only a couple of months.
Never before had I been in a public place or hotel where there was no color bar.
Nevi Gebreselasie is an Eritrean footballer who last played for Adelaide Cobras.
New and different music is played to provide an alternative to commercial radio.
New born lambs are typically subject to tail docking and males may be castrated.
Newbury Street is a destination known for its many retail shops and restaurants.
Newer housing developments have tended to be on the Eastern side of the village.
New Eyes was produced entirely by group members Jack Patterson and Grace Chatto.
New Inn Hall was one of the earliest medieval Halls of the University of Oxford.
New Jersey is the only state in the country with this type of surcharge program.
New Look is a British global fashion retailer with a chain of high street shops.
New members are accepted but the recruitment process is "haphazard and organic".
News at Seven is a Philippine television newscast show broadcast by GMA Network.
News for Lulu was recorded in the studio and live at the Willisau Jazz Festival.
New staff members have been hired for each of the buildings within the district.
Newton is within the Cambuslang East ward of the South Lanarkshire Council area.
Newtoy was the fourteenth company to be acquired by Zynga during its peak years.
New York City FC is an American professional soccer team based in New York City.
New York City Subway cars built by Kawasaki Heavy Industries for the B Division.
New York Dead is the first novel in the Stone Barrington series by Stuart Woods.
New York is the fifth season of the American reality television series Top Chef.
New Zealand is one of the twelve countries that take part in Test match cricket.
New Zealand won the Bledisloe Cup against Australia for the third year in a row.
Next Logical Progression is the third solo album by American rapper Gift of Gab.
Ngang Lhakhang is a Buddhist monastery in the Choekhor Valley of central Bhutan.
Ngumbarl is an extinct Nyulnyulan language formerly spoken in Western Australia.
NHS Providers is a membership organization and trade association for NHS trusts.
NHT was not there for long studying the history and tactics for fighting at sea.
Niagara Queen II is a shallow draft river vessel designed by OPG and STX Marine.
Nia Sanchez of Nevada crowned Olivia Jordan of Oklahoma at the end of the event.
Nicola Deaton is a female former international table tennis player from England.
Nicola Scafetta is a research scientist at the University of Napoli Federico II.
Nicula Monastery is an important pilgrimage center in the north of Transylvania.
Nidubrolu is a village in Guntur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Nielsen Audio sometimes refers to the format as rhythmic contemporary hit radio.
Niepos District is one of thirteen districts of the province San Miguel in Peru.
Nieuwe Struiten is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland.
Nigeria and Zambia settle for the bronze medal after reach the semi final round.
Nigeria has extensive mangrove forests in the coastal region of the Niger Delta.
Nigerian passports are issued to Nigerian citizens to travel outside of Nigeria.
Nigerian veteran actor and playwright Hubert Ogunde received a posthumous award.
Night of Light is a science fiction novel by American writer Philip Jose Farmer.
Nigrospora sphaerica is an airborne filamentous fungus in the phylum Ascomycota.
NihongoUp was an Adobe AIR desktop Japanese educational game and reviewing tool.
Nike Tiempo is a sports brand designed by Nike and targeted at football players.
Nilaanjana is an Indian film actress in Hindi films and Indian Classical Dancer.
Nimbus B was an meteorological satellite launched as part of the Nimbus program.
Nimerigar were said to have lived in the Wind River and Pedro ranges of Wyoming.
Nimo and Wasawai are two of the villages inhabited by speakers of this language.
Nina Frisk is an air hostess with a dysfunctional family that she tries to help.
Nipponoserica is a genus of May beetles and junebugs in the family Scarabaeidae.
Nitramex and Nitramon Explosives are compositions of various chemical compounds.
Niue Soccer Tournament is the top football division in Niue on an amateur basis.
Niviventer is a genus of rodent in the family Muridae endemic to Southeast Asia.
Nkong is a Nigerian multilingual entertainment consultant and an event producer.
NMS Sublocotenent Ghiculescu was a specialized ASW gunboat of the Romanian Navy.
Noah Mayer was an intern at WOAK television and a student at Oakdale University.
Noarlunga English adaptation of the kaurna name has also been spelt as Nglungga.
Noasauridae is defined as all theropods closer to Noasaurus than to Carnotaurus.
No Average Angel is the second studio album by American singer Tiffany Giardina.
Nobody Else is the title of the second studio album by actress Brigitte Nielsen.
Nobu Adilman and Mio Adilman are Canadian television personalities and brothers.
No commercial implementations in Europe and North America have succeeded so far.
No Depression was critically acclaimed and sold well for an independent release.
Noelene Mary Raffills is a New Zealand politician who was an Auckland Councilor.
No execution had taken place on the island during the three decades before that.
No genre either before or since has been able to achieve a similar market share.
No Gods No Masters is the fourth studio album by the thrash metal band Criminal.
No Grasshopper to date has survived past the issue in which they first appeared.
No Holding Back is a studio album by Jamaican reggae fusion singer Wayne Wonder.
Nolan currently serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors for DownsizeDC.org.
No light rail proposal for the city has received any government support to date.
Nollywood is a sobriquet that originally referred to the Nigerian film industry.
Nominal GRDP measures the value of the outputs of the economy at current prices.
Nomini is a name derived from a Native American language meaning "deep current".
Nomismocerataceae is one of seventeen superfamilies of the Goniatitina suborder.
No navigational aids nor night landing facilities are available on the airstrip.
Nonaville is a former commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
Nonconformist churches do not conform to the doctrines of the Church of England.
None of the buildings in the farmstead have been moved since their construction.
None reacted to the vehicle control of ethanol applied to the contralateral arm.
None Shall Pass is the fifth studio album by American hip hop artist Aesop Rock.
Nonochton is the Classical Nahuatl name for a plant whose identity is uncertain.
No one inside the system successfully exposed or remedied the abusive situation.
No Paralympic Games have been hosted in the continents of Africa and Antarctica.
No player selected by the Texans has been inaugurated into the NFL Hall Of Fame.
No P. or D. is the first studio album by German indietronica band Ms. John Soda.
No prints of The Skyrocket are known to exist and the film is now presumed lost.
Norbert is a provincial electoral division in the Canadian province of Manitoba.
Nordic Global Airlines Oy was a Finnish cargo airline based at Helsinki Airport.
Norfolkline was a European ferry operator and logistics company owned by Maersk.
Normally the programming language used to develop such applications is C or C++.
Normandy Mining was an Australian mining company which predominantly mined gold.
Normative isomorphic change is driven by pressures brought about by professions.
Norm is the father of Chris Wingert who played as a defender for Real Salt Lake.
Norris W. Overton is a retired Brigadier General in the United States Air Force.
Northeast had to relocate from her home town of Melbourne to Sydney for filming.
Northern and Southern Rhodesia were sometimes informally called "the Rhodesias".
Northern Natal Commando was a light infantry regiment of the South African Army.
Northfield High School is known to have a rich tradition in academic excellence.
North Korea sent only one participant in the event who was a young Weightlifter.
North Scale is a village and one of only four settlements on the Isle of Walney.
North Tongu is located in the North Tongu district of the Volta Region of Ghana.
North Tongu is one of the constituencies represented in the Parliament of Ghana.
Northwestern serves as the neighborhood high school for Highland Park residents.
Norton has worked extensively in Newcastle and in the North East England region.
Nor was it possible to make these volumes the vehicle of HISTORICAL INFORMATION.
Norwich Film Festival is an international film festival focusing on short films.
No single crew member exhibited the typical NBP called out in the MSIS standard.
No specific methodology or philosophical orientation is required in submissions.
No such duty would apply had the software in question been in the public domain.
Notable battles that the regiment has engaged in include Shiloh and Chickamauga.
Notable events and developments of the modern period are also briefly described.
Notable former students include cricketer Kim Hughes and politician Don Randall.
Notable students of Boris Goldstein include Zakhar Bron and Alexander Skwortsow.
Not all airplanes capable of aerobatics are also capable of tailslide maneuvers.
Not all categories are filled from year to year due to this application process.
Noted artists Mel Odom and George Stavrinos have contributed to the publication.
Note that an inferior planet can never be at quadrature to the reference planet.
Not even the humblest class of the society of the times fails to find a place...
Notorious is the fifth studio album by the American hard rock band Adelitas Way.
Not qualified teams for the Elite Division are allowed to play in this Division.
Nouvelles is a village near the Belgian town of Mons in the province of Hainaut.
Nova financed the Storm album herself and released it in a handful of countries.
Novius Crispinus Martialis Saturninus was a Roman senator of the second century.
Novomikhaylovka is a village in the Kemin District of Chuy Region of Kyrgyzstan.
Nowadays the remains of the twelve horizontally placed arches can still be seen.
Now he resides back in Amsterdam with his gallery and studio in the city center.
No Wonder was sometimes referred to as the Wonder during its operational career.
Now Sidiq comes to arrest Nandhini and Nandhini show her hand to get handcuffed.
Now the film is being shown worldwide by National and International TV channels.
NSD operates the Norwegian Scientific Index and the European database ERIH PLUS.
NTV Plus aims at establishing additional terrestrial centers in the near future.
Nucleoside phosphoramidites are derivatives of natural or synthetic nucleosides.
Nudurupati Venkanna was a Telugu and Sanskrit poet from the Pudukkottai kingdom.
Nueva Cajamarca District is one of nine districts of the province Rioja in Peru.
Nugatti is a Norwegian brand of chocolate spread made from hazelnuts and nougat.
Numan is also known for his distinctive voice and androgynous "android" persona.
Numbeo has the largest statistics and survey data based on cities and countries.
Numerous buildings and homes by these architects remain in the Coachella Valley.
NYAS provides a safety net for people of all ages who have nowhere else to turn.
Oak Grove is one of fourteen high schools in the Jefferson County School System.
Obama appeared on the ballot as solely as the candidate of the Democratic Party.
Obedience implies compliance with the direction or command given by the handler.
Oberaudorf is a municipality in the district of Rosenheim in Bavaria in Germany.
Obernbreit is a municipality in the district of Kitzingen in Bavaria in Germany.
Occasionally a part of an issue or an entire issue is devoted to a single topic.
Occasionally CPEO may be caused by conditions other than mitochondrial diseases.
Occurring as an epiphyte or lithophyte in areas of part shade and high moisture.
Ocean performed "Pyramids" during his Channel Orange tour through North America.
Ochoa is an advocate of diocesan foster care programs and responsible water use.
Ochs studied trumpet briefly but concentrated on tenor and sopranino saxophones.
Octineon is the sole genus of sea anemones in the monotypic family Octineonidae.
Oculoauricular syndrome is a rare genetic condition affecting the eyes and ears.
Odododiodoo is one of the constituencies represented in the Parliament of Ghana.
Odontoponera is a small Southeast Asia genus of ants in the subfamily Ponerinae.
Odulele was born in London to Nigerian parents Abel Oyebajo and Patience Aotola.
Offenberg is a municipality in the district of Deggendorf in Bavaria in Germany.
Officials at the time said this was the worst shooting event in Alabama history.
Offinso South is located in the Offinso district of the Ashanti Region of Ghana.
Off is a silent short film starring American comedy double act Laurel and Hardy.
Off the Bar is a British television comedy/sports talk on the Loaded TV network.
Often associated with these terms and concepts is the notion of a water dynasty.
Often a stye will go away without any specific treatment in a few days or weeks.
Often his observations were based on his experiences as an eyewitness to events.
Often mass balance measurements are made in the ablation zone using snow stakes.
Often the end of the screw is a removable piece which can be replaced when worn.
Often the multimap is implemented as a map with lists or sets as the map values.
Often these procedures remove the cuticles and soften the skin around the nails.
Often they have relaxed jurisdiction of customs or related national regulations.
Often times stablecoins are linked to a DAO which controls issuance and pricing.
Of the languages spoken in Texas none has been designated the official language.
OFT helps predict the best strategy that an animal can use to achieve this goal.
Ogden spent two years with NBC as president and managing director of NBC Europe.
OGPlanet has since picked up Tactical Intervention for release in North America.
OGRE/G.E.V. is a miniatures line for tabletop games published by Martian Metals.
Ohtakari is an island and community in the Finnish sector of the Bay of Bothnia.
Oil sticks are made by compressing wax and oil until it forms into an oil stick.
Okaku Constituency is an electoral constituency in the Oshana Region of Namibia.
Okwanuchu is an extinct Shastan language formerly spoken in northern California.
Olaroz Chico is a rural municipality and village in Jujuy Province in Argentina.
Old Fort Schuyler was a Revolutionary War fort that existed in Upstate New York.
Old Point Comfort is a point of land located in the independent city of Hampton.
Old Salt is the seventh studio album by American heavy metal band Valient Thorr.
Ole Boy is the sixth studio album by American country music singer Craig Morgan.
Oligonol is a mixture of low molecular weight polyphenols found in lychee fruit.
Oligoryzomys is a genus of rodents in the tribe Oryzomyini of family Cricetidae.
Olim earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Computer Science from Brown University.
Ollukara is a residential area in the City of Thrissur in Kerala state of India.
Olney School is now closed although the reunion is still held at the lunch room.
Oloplotosus is a genus of eeltail catfishes endemic to the island of New Guinea.
Olympique de Casablanca won the competition for the first time in their history.
Olympique de Casablanca won the competition for the third time in their history.
Olympique Lillois was a French association football club from the city of Lille.
OMAS continued to release limited editions based on their earlier style of pens.
Omega Flight first appeared in the pages of Alpha Flight as a supervillain team.
Omegaphora is a genus of pufferfishes native to the coastal waters of Australia.
Omkar Goswami is an Indian economist and business journalist for Business India.
Om Prakash Dhankar of Bharatiya Janata Party is the MLA from Badli Constituency.
Omukama of Toro is the name given to rulers of the East African kingdom of Toro.
Once data elements are discovered they can be registered in a metadata registry.
Once oogonia enter this area they attempt to associate with these somatic cells.
ONC is based on calling conventions used in Unix and the C programming language.
One benefit of the electric torque wrench is that it plugs into any wall outlet.
One British journalist in Brazil exclaimed that he was ashamed of being British.
One candidate from the Puerto Rican Independence Party also won a minority seat.
One commentator compared the famine crisis to the "Holodomor" in Soviet Ukraine.
One day a boy rowed us over to Wright Island where we saw lots of baby penguins.
One depicts Christ crowned with thorns and the other his descent from the cross.
One design uses water sprayed from a nozzle facing a toroidal charged electrode.
One died in the explosion and another died from his injuries at Rashid Hospital.
One edition of the bronze cast of it is now in the Museo Soumaya in Mexico City.
One is that when a horse got the "staggers" it was bled by a farrier at the inn.
One Man Army is the second album by Scottish alternative folk rock band Kassidy.
One mechanism involves the kinetchore meeting microtubules from the distal pole.
One member of the House of Astiruwa may also be referred to in Assyrian sources.
One of her last operational duties was to participate in Operation Desert Storm.
One of his aspirations in life is that his sons grow up to be openminded people.
One of his techniques was to photograph friends in poses as illustration models.
One of its early contracts was the mail run through the Gascoyne to Meekatharra.
One of the customization options is to replace the picture with an analog clock.
One of the earliest recorded Europeans to settle in Wassaic was Richard Sackett.
One of the famous attraction is "Batu Belah Batu Bertangkup" or a Split Boulder.
One of the important dams build across Kali river is the Supa Dam at Ganeshgudi.
One of the institutes he founded is known as Kechara House Buddhist Association.
One of the leading educational institutions in the province of Oriental Mindoro.
One of the main goals of the event is to bring together midwestern ACM chapters.
One of the main objectives of the park is the protection of native beech forest.
One of them lives with their parents and the other has been adopted by her aunt.
One of the modern exponents of closed couplets is Dr. Mulki Radhakrishna Shetty.
One of the most common ways to mix the video to replace a chroma key background.
One of the most famous examples of parietal art is the Grotte Chauvet in France.
One of the most famous products of extrusion molding is the optical fiber cable.
One of the objectives of the program is to offer free eye care for needy people.
One of the prominent leaders who led the county is Major Thomas Udwar Augustino.
One of the regulatory groups is the International Fantasy Games Society or IFGS.
One of these sales attempts included Came Home getting spooked and falling down.
One of the vacancies came when Black Buffalo vacated the title due to an injury.
One of Zancocchio gaming clients was U.S Major League Baseball player Pete Rose.
One property is a National Historic Landmark and is part of a historic district.
One reason behind it is arguably protesting all kinds of violence and bloodshed.
One reviewer claimed that a Wright brothers flyer was also shown in full flight.
One study indicated that even the eggs of the monarch butterfly can be infected.
One unusual feature is that it has both a voiced and a voiceless bilabial trill.
One year later he scored one of extra penalties in the final of Futsal UEFA Cup.
Ongha Secondary School is a secondary school in the Ohangwena Region of Namibia.
Ongoy District is one of the eight districts of the province Chincheros in Peru.
On her retirement from racing she became a successful and influential broodmare.
On her return she first served as a troopship and then in the West Indies trade.
On His Back Plateau which is located in the boundaries of the conservation area.
Onion orchids are terrestrial herbs with a single leaf at the base of the plant.
On its initial release it was heavily marketed to high schools and universities.
Online monitoring of electrical equipment is an integral part of the smart grid.
Only a relative handful of the many Bristol Channel pilot cutters survive today.
Only a section in the northeast and near the intact western rim remain unmarked.
Only commodities that are consumed for industrial use are included in the index.
Only Crime while guitarist Luke Pabich had started a side project called Outlie.
Only one group have published a direct replication of one God Helmet experiment.
Only one single gabled bay at the north of the house now remains of this period.
Only seeds that have been tested and treated for the pathogen should be planted.
Only the first four tracks of the album were remastered from the original tapes.
Only the packets marked as really lost must be requested again by the recipient.
Only thirteen races were completed including the medal race due to lack of wind.
On one occasion he even sold a large portrait of Nicholas I to the tsar himself.
Ononye is a Canadian soccer player who last played for Toronto FC II in the USL.
On other occasions the diver may be trapped and must be released by the rescuer.
Onslow Stevens plays a mad doctor whose serum turns a man into a catlike killer.
ONS points the middleware to a server where a file about that product is stored.
On the back are carved the Royal Arms of Scotland and the Royal Arms of England.
On the back of it is a request for donations and a guide on how people can help.
On the beach there were two whale bones and there were shags all over the rocks.
On the Charing Cross branch it is between Mornington Crescent and Warren Street.
On the conditions and possibilities of Helen Clark taking me as her Young Lover.
On the ischium there may be an obturator process and/or a proximodorsal process.
On the Line is the third and final album by American soul singer Michael Wycoff.
On these wards staffing levels are higher than on a normal acute admission ward.
On the statues he is holding several titles in connection with the Faiyum Oasis.
On the stela Satkhnum is shown sitting on a chair in front of an offering table.
On the West of the river Welland is the large Golf Course known as Belton Woods.
On the Zambian side of the river is a slightly larger town also called Chirundu.
On Tuesdays and Thursdays students go to internships in their field of interest.
Ontwa Township is a civil township of Cass County in the U.S. state of Michigan.
Ooslamaa is a small islet in the Baltic Sea belonging to the country of Estonia.
Opal Koboi is a fictional character from the Artemis Fowl series by Eoin Colfer.
Opendesk is an initiative to produce furniture on the principles of Open Making.
Open for Business is a documentary by producer/director/journalist Carol Pineau.
OpenInsight is a database application development tool from Revelation Software.
Open is a monthly Mexican lifestyle magazine published by Editorial Metrosexual.
Operation Snake Eyes was a proposed military operation of the Laotian Civil War.
Opisthoncana is a genus of jumping spiders found on New Ireland near New Guinea.
Opponents attempt to turn them to a different color and thus defeat the unicorn.
Optimization Toolbox is an optimization software package developed by MathWorks.
Oracle Property Manager is a real estate management ERP from Oracle Corporation.
Ordinary Days is a musical with music and lyrics by American composer Adam Gwon.
Ordination takes place in the context of worship through the laying on of hands.
Ordospora colligata is an intracellular parasite belonging to the Microsporidia.
Oreichthys andrewi is a small cyprinid fish endemic to the Dibru River in Assam.
Organists recommend it as a technique which encourages the congregation to sing.
Organizational storytelling is a concept in management and organization studies.
Org Foundation has criticized Microsoft and the RIAA for their lack of openness.
Original Child Bomb was directed by Carey McKenzie and produced by Holly Becker.
Original Doberman is the second studio album released by Jamaican singer Shaggy.
Originally called Sassy and the Stringman they toured nationally and in Germany.
Originally sold as an ultralight it was later produced for general aviation use.
Originally the name referred to the Clark Air Base and was "Clark Field Avenue".
Originally the Scottish dialectical usage refers to a person who is complaining.
Originally the student center at Murray State it became the library years later.
Originally this song was titled "Alright" on demo sessions and later "Do Da Da".
Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is a soundtrack to the film of the same name.
Original music for the ride was created by longtime Disney composer Buddy Baker.
Orijin is a Nigerian alcoholic beverage produced by Diaego/Guinness Nigeria PLC.
Ormsby is a city in Martin and Watonwan counties in the U.S. state of Minnesota.
Ornit is the eponymous protagonist of the Middle High German heroic epic Ortnit.
Orr is known for his part in a play in Super Bowl III against the New York Jets.
Or the gasses can be released from porous materials or from cracks and crevices.
Orthetrum kollmannspergeri is a freshwater dragonfly in the Libellulidae family.
Or they can be seen to have periods of stasis followed by disruptive innovation.
Orthomolecular psychiatry has been rejected by the mainstream medical community.
Orthophyia longa is a prehistoric proteid salamander from the Miocene of Europe.
Osatu is poorly documented and for a time had been considered a Tivoid language.
OSCAR allows users to install a Beowulf type high performance computing cluster.
Oscar Salathiel Kambona was the first Minister of Foreign Affairs of Tanganyika.
OSGi and JUnit have been ported and are included with the core C++ distribution.
Osteochondromatosis is a condition involving a proliferation of osteochondromas.
Osteopathic medicine is a branch of the medical profession in the United States.
Osteopromotive describes a material that promotes the de novo formation of bone.
Osteosclerosis occurs at a margin where new bone is placed over dead trabeculae.
Other activities may have an effect on the vagina such as sports and tampon use.
Other acts that Liddell produces include Miranda Lambert and the Eli Young Band.
Other advantages include the ability to detect low RCS targets in low altitudes.
Other artists referenced in similarity are Three Days Grace and Alice In Chains.
Other common names for animals in the group are pistol shrimp or alpheid shrimp.
Other common names include dappled mountain robin and dappled mountain greenbul.
Other common names include the western raspberry fruitworm and fruitworm beetle.
Other communities such as "El Aguacate" are within walking distance of Tarimoro.
Other content is contributed by a variety of writers located around the country.
Other grip strengths that have been studied are the hammer and other hand tools.
Other holy men continued to pass down important knowledge to their own children.
Other industries in the area at the time included a wagon shop and a cider mill.
Other informative or qualifying annotations for the script may also be provided.
Other lakes are found in endorheic basins or along the courses of mature rivers.
Other local area groups and organizations also help with various Con activities.
Other local programs include Heartland Viewpoint with Dave Clark and KCRO Today.
Other medications can also mimic these in order to cause a similar presentation.
Other members of the genus Seadornavirus have been linked to viral encephalitis.
Other members of the group have included bassists Jill Emery and Edwin Borsheim.
Other nearby landmarks include Lake Cunningham and the Raging Waters water park.
Other possible thermal modeling techniques include computational fluid dynamics.
Other posts followed which included Deputy Medical Nursing at Headquarters BAOR.
Other potential propulsion techniques such as ornithopters are very rarely used.
Other reviews have described it as a "typically innocuous Disney Channel flick".
Other rivers feeding Teslin Lake include the Jennings River and the Swift River.
Others are committed to presenting environmental films within their subprograms.
Others argue that class size reduction has little effect on student achievement.
Other scales and a limited range of military aircraft models are also available.
Other scholars feel that the entire eight stanzas are the work of a single hand.
Others have advanced the view that its genre is not appropriate for its content.
Others have argued that it was an improvement on the system that existed before.
Others have been discarded due to unacceptable adverse effects or weak efficacy.
Other support such as anger management or parenting classes may also be offered.
Others were created as language games or to add variety to Esperanto literature.
Other tax forms in the United States are filed with state and local governments.
Other tracks from the album are featured in the television show My Name is Earl.
Other tree owners who accepted payment agreements with DuPont had not been paid.
Other works inside are attributed to Francesco Maria Richini and Carlo Bellosio.
Otosclerosis or otospongiosis is an abnormal growth of bone near the middle ear.
Ottapparai is a census town in Erode district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Ouarkoye is a department or commune of Mouhoun Province in western Burkina Faso.
Our Lady of Victories Catholic Church is the base of the Melville Island parish.
Our Man Higgins starring Stanley Holloway as the butler to the McRoberts family.
Our Wallets Full is the second EP by the American indie rock band Cold War Kids.
Outdoor facilities include football fields and a speedway track with grandstand.
Out of the Shadow is the debut album released by the indie rock band Rogue Wave.
Out of the Vein is the third studio album by American rock band Third Eye Blind.
Outside of cricket Edwards owns a company that manufactures irrigation products.
Ovelar was backed for the Colorado Party nomination by President Nicanor Duarte.
Over a number of years the band changed personnel as they developed their sound.
Overgrown is the second studio album by English electronic musician James Blake.
Overseeing registration and credential maintenance are two of their major tasks.
Over the years it was subjected to very unsympathetic alterations and additions.
Over the years the canal changed and eventually became unfit for commercial use.
Over the years the lighthouse has become the symbol for the city of South Amboy.
Over time water eroded away the surrounding rock creating its distinctive shape.
Owyhee County is a county in the southwestern corner of the U.S. state of Idaho.
Oxendolone is not effective by mouth and must be given by injection into muscle.
Oxford City Council provides local government for the city of Oxford in England.
Oxidation of BCAAs may increase fatty acid oxidation and play a role in obesity.
Oxisopred is a synthetic glucocorticoid corticosteroid which was never marketed.
Oxymonacanthus is a genus of filefishes native to the Indian and Pacific Oceans.
Oxyropsis is a genus of fish in the family Loricariidae native to South America.
Ozga has won two singles and eight doubles titles on the ITF tour in her career.
Paar is a global warming skeptic and is an advocate of a new ice age hypothesis.
Pacaycasa District is one of fifteen districts of the province Huamanga in Peru.
Pace von Friedensberg is an Austrian noble family of Spanish and Italian origin.
Pachlegaonkar Maharaj is a founder of the Hindu Rashtra Sena and Mukteshwar Dal.
Pacifica is one of the largest affordable housing providers on Vancouver Island.
Pacing is a reasonably easy and quick method of measuring distance in the field.
Paddy is the primary crop in those regions where proper irrigation is available.
Padiyotchal is a small village in Kannur district in the Indian state of Kerala.
Paedohexacinia is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
Pageant winner Debra Maffett later became a television personality and producer.
Page Hunt is a game developed by Bing for investigating human research behavior.
Pain is experienced over the same area and made worse by extension of hip joint.
Paisley Underground is a subgenre of jangle pop that originated from California.
Pakistan College of Law is also an affiliate center of the University of London.
Pakistanis in Qatar are citizens of Pakistan and holders of Pakistani passports.
Palda is a census town in Indore district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.
Palermo then left Unwritten Law for Papa Roach and was replaced by Dylan Howard.
Paleru reservoir acts as a balancing reservoir to the Nagarjunasagar left canal.
Paliperidone is mainly used to treat schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorder.
Palladam taluk is a taluk of Tirupur district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Palma Soriano is a Cuban city and municipality in the Santiago de Cuba Province.
Pambazuka News provides commentary and analysis on politics and current affairs.
Pamidi is a village in Anantapur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Pampa Hermosa District is one of eight districts of the province Satipo in Peru.
Pampamarca District is one of eight districts of the province Yarowilca in Peru.
Panaeolina castaneifolia is a rare and widely distributed little brown mushroom.
Pandora is a genus of fungi within the order Entomophthorales of the Zygomycota.
Panicci toured with Harper on the Diamonds on the Inside Tour for almost a year.
Pankow is a German association football club from the Pankow district of Berlin.
Panton started her music career as a member of the Hamilton All Star Jazz Bands.
Pantry Panic is the third animated cartoon short in the Woody Woodpecker series.
Panzer Dragoon Saga features Panzerese only in its opening and ending cutscenes.
Papalolo is the stage name for Ayo Ogunsina a very successful Nigerian comedian.
Papayal District is one of the four districts of the province Zarumilla in Peru.
Paper of this type was originally used for making paper cartridges for firearms.
Papillary ducts represent the most distal portion of the collecting duct system.
Papua New Guinea participated in the Commonwealth Games for the thirteenth time.
Paracathartes was described by Harrison as the earliest known cathartid vulture.
Parachuting bears are also lifted by kite and released with a dropper mechanism.
Paradise Belongs to You is the first album released by doom metal band Saturnus.
Paradolichopithecus is an extinct genus of monkey once found throughout Eurasia.
Paradrina is a subgenus of moths of the Caradrina genus of the Noctuidae family.
Parafrasura is a monotypic genus of moth in the subfamily Arctiinae from Africa.
Paragastrozona is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
Paragon Peak is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia in Canada.
Paralympic biathlon is an adaptation of biathlon for athletes with a disability.
Parapercis is a genus of sandperches belonging to the fish family Pinguipedidae.
Paraponera is a genus of ants and the only genus in the subfamily Paraponerinae.
Paraspathulina is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
Paraspheniscus is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
Parayarukandi Vettath Gangadharan is a film producer and businessman from India.
Parental infanticide is sometimes a result of extreme stress by human intrusion.
Pariahuanca District is one of eleven districts of the province Carhuaz in Peru.
Paridera is a Spanish word that in sheep husbandry refers to the lambing season.
Paris stayed in training for two more years and had some success in match races.
Parker Brothers spokeswoman Ronni Heyman described the game as "a real sleeper".
Park High School offers GCSEs and OCR Nationals as programs of study for pupils.
Park Lane Learning Trust offers GCSEs and BTECs as programs of study for pupils.
Parks would later marry Peters and join the band as both a vocalist and bassist.
Parlakhemundi railway station belongs to East Coast Railway of Waltair division.
Parlor Rollers are considered to be further development from the Parlor Tumbler.
Paropakar Adarsha Uccha Madhyamik Vidhalaya is located in Jaubari VDC of Gorkha.
Parque Patricios Station is a station on Line H of the Buenos Aires Underground.
Parsonby is a hamlet in the Allerdale district of the English county of Cumbria.
Participants in the program are called Explorers and previously Explorer Scouts.
Participating citizens have expressed a sense of disconnect with the government.
Particulate emissions at the power station are reduced by bag filter technology.
Partner church relationship was established with the Reformed Church in America.
Part of its trackbed is now the Amy Gillett Bikeway rail trail near to Adelaide.
Part of the II Corps it served in the Eastern Theater of the American Civil War.
Part of the Umbagog National Wildlife Refuge is located at its southwest corner.
Part of this was also attributed to a downturn in the telecommunications sector.
Parts of the ancient Alexandria Wall are still present at the gardens until now.
Parts of the Priory survive today in the Church of St Mary the Virgin in Pilton.
Party walls are those which are touch or are shared or agreed to be party walls.
Paruthippara or Kodampuzha is a small village near Feroke in Kozhikode District.
Passage Island is a small island in the U.S. territory in western Lake Superior.
Password was a British panel game show based on the US version of the same name.
Pat Byrnes is an American cartoonist best known for his work for The New Yorker.
Patel and Fernandes said that they want their characters to have a happy ending.
Patel Nagar is a place in Central Delhi but falls under the West Delhi District.
Paterina is a genus of brachiopods known from the Middle Cambrian Burgess Shale.
Paterson was born in Melbourne to John Austin Paterson and Marjorie Webber Ball.
Pat Hutchings is a senior principal research scientist at the Australian Museum.
Patient safety was cited as the primary reason for the rejection of this policy.
Patients frequently show improvement even when given a sham or "fake" treatment.
Patient surveys have indicated satisfaction with the outcome of such procedures.
Patiuk has won one singles and two doubles titles on the ITF tour in her career.
Patrick Hunt was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a center half.
Patrik Jandak is founder and editor of monthly photography magazine PH magazine.
Pattazy is a part of Pathanapuram Block Panchayat and Kollam district Panchayat.
Paul Cooper is the current editor in chief of the Australian Journal of Zoology.
Paul V. Woolley FACP is an American physician specializing in internal medicine.
Paunzhausen is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany.
Pauoa Valley is the birthplace of Hawaiian music legend John Kameaaloha Almeida.
Pausanias names it the Celadus and states that it is a tributary of the Alpheus.
Payloads typically radioed science data to ground while descending by parachute.
Payment in another currency involves an additional foreign exchange transaction.
Peace Like a River is a religious album released by the Mormon Tabernacle Choir.
Peach Creek was named for the fact a peach orchard was located along its course.
Peak incidence of macroglobulinemia is in the sixth and seventh decades of life.
Peanut green mosaic virus is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Potyviridae.
Pearl Street has an additional "Ordway Gate" opposite the Plaza at Ordway Drugs.
Pecan Gap is a city in Delta and Fannin counties within the U.S. state of Texas.
Pedakurapadu is a town in Guntur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Pedalanka is a village in Guntur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Pedapalem is a village in Guntur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Pedapolu is a village in Krishna district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Pedapudi is a village in Krishna district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Pediococcus dextrinicus has recently been reassigned to the genus Lactobacillus.
Peek has claimed that every incident described in Nowhere near Savannah is true.
PeekVid was also the target of law enforcement in Australia and other countries.
PEERtrainer is a social networking website that aims to help people lose weight.
Peltaster fructicola is an ascomycete fungus that is a plant pathogen of apples.
Pemmasani Nayakas were a Kamma clan in the south Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Penagalur is a village in Kadapa district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Pendembu is a town in Kailahun District in the Eastern Province of Sierra Leone.
Pendembu is a trade center and is one of the main towns in Eastern Sierra Leone.
Pender was a woman on the side of the Confederacy during the American Civil War.
Penguin Red Classics is a series of novels published by Penguin Books in the UK.
Penicillium roqueforti is a common saprotrophic fungus in the genus Penicillium.
PennDOT and Stroud Township own the two parcels that comprise the proposed site.
Pennick according to an interview with Heathen Harvest no longer produces music.
Pennoncells and streamers or pendants are minor varieties of this style of flag.
Penn State DuBois is a commonwealth campus of the Pennsylvania State University.
Pen or penning as a verb refers to the act of confining animals in an enclosure.
Pensa is a department or commune of Sanmatenga Province in central Burkina Faso.
People from Sabah are generally called Sabahans and identify themselves as such.
People from Zurich tend to be less active compared to people in the countryside.
People initially tolerated the unusual absence of their king from public events.
People may express only disgust or both fear and disgust to trypophobic imagery.
People of every social status hosted feasts as a celebration of family and life.
People primarily purchase electronic kits to have fun and learn how things work.
People there try to buy smartphones that are cheap in price but well configured.
People who are detained by mental health law are referred to as formal patients.
Peppercorn sauce may be used on dishes served at French bistros and restaurants.
Peraiyur taluk is a taluk of Madurai district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Percival later won a BAFTA Award for Best New Director for his work on the film.
Perdix was rated as the gems of Boston for the culinary scene earlier that year.
Perelman Quad staff also manage public spaces in several other campus buildings.
Perfect for your barbecue or doing bong hits or whatever it is that you guys do.
Perfect Velvet is the second studio album by South Korean girl group Red Velvet.
Perfect Wedding is a South African wedding television show on Mzansi Magic DStv.
Performance and throughput do not double when doubling the number of processors.
Performative verbs are verbs carried out simply by means of uttering them aloud.
Performer Magazine is an American music magazine aimed at independent musicians.
Perhaps the most notable artist associated with GRACE is the late Gayleen Aiken.
Perimeter lands on the package bottom provide electrical connections to the PCB.
Permanent Signal is the second studio album by American musician Porcelain Raft.
Perognathinae is a subfamily of rodents consisting of two genera of pocket mice.
Peronochaeta is a genus of annelid known from the Middle Cambrian Burgess Shale.
Perry Mason is a radio crime serial based on the novels of Erle Stanley Gardner.
Personal is the nineteenth book in the Jack Reacher series written by Lee Child.
Perth Mint Certificates are highly liquid and can be sold by fax and phone call.
Perumatty is the first Gramapanchayat in Kerala to run entirely on solar energy.
Perumbaikad is a census town in Kottayam district in the Indian state of Kerala.
Perundurai taluk is a taluk of Erode district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Peru won the gold medal over Venezuela and Colombia won the bronze over Ecuador.
Peter B. Bennett et al. showed that the use of trimix could reduce the symptoms.
Peter Bhatia is an American journalist and the editor of the Detroit Free Press.
Peterborough ware is a decorated pottery style of the early to middle Neolithic.
Peter Collinson directed this film and died of cancer shortly after its release.
Peter currently works for Strategic Relations Inc. with former MLA Jon Havelock.
Peter Flint is a fictional character from the American soap opera Santa Barbara.
Peter Langdon Ward is a geophysicist specializing in seismology and volcanology.
Petersaurach is a municipality in the district of Ansbach in Bavaria in Germany.
Peterson has expressed interest in one day running for the United States Senate.
Petra Bryant was born in Rychnov nad Kneznou and grew up in Doudleby nad Orlici.
Petusky Coger is an American freelance print journalist and television producer.
P. ferula is also found in swift flowing waters with a mixed rocky/sandy bottom.
Phanerites are often described as coarse grained or macroscopically crystalline.
Pharneuptychia is a genus of satyrid butterflies found in the Neotropical realm.
Phengodes is a genus of glowworms in the family of beetles known as Phengodidae.
Philip H. Lathrop and William W. Spencer were cinematographers on many episodes.
Philip Kwon is deputy counsel for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.
Philip Morris is an English former oil rig worker and media recovery specialist.
Philippine Forest Corporation is a Philippine government controlled corporation.
Philly Free School operates on the democratic education or Sudbury school model.
Philosophical presentism is the view that neither the future nor the past exist.
Phipps and Powell found themselves driving straight towards an oncoming vehicle.
Phocageneus is an extinct genus of river dolphin belonging to Squalodelphinidae.
Phoenicites is a genus of fossil flowering plants belonging to the Angiospermae.
Pholas is a taxonomic genus of marine bivalve molluscs in the family Pholadidae.
Photodarkening limits the density of excitations in fiber lasers and amplifiers.
Photography was pioneered in Scotland by Robert Adamson and David Octavius Hill.
Phrynocephalus horvathi is a small diurnal desert lizard in the family Agamidae.
PhSU was originally established as the Ice Skating Institute of the Philippines.
Phulwariwa is a village in West Champaran district in the Indian state of Bihar.
Pichanaqui District is one of six districts of the province Chanchamayo in Peru.
Pichirhua District is one of the nine districts of the Abancay Province in Peru.
PickUps is a truck racing game developed by Milestone and published by XS Games.
Pictures indicate that power was brought to the rear wheels by a pair of chains.
Pierleone himself was a consul of the eternal city in the early twelfth century.
Pie slices are drawn with a hole in the middle for an easy way to exit the menu.
Pilkington studied at the Edinburgh College of Art and the Royal College of Art.
Pillion graduated from the Virginia Commonwealth University School of Dentistry.
Pillows that aid sleeping are a form of bedding that supports the head and neck.
Pinball Dreams and Pinball Fantasies have also now been released as iPhone apps.
Pineapple black rot is one of the most important diseases caused by C. paradoxa.
Pinehill is regularly serviced by busses which go to Takapuna and Auckland City.
Pinel is the last author who mentions phrenitis in a classification of diseases.
Pine Waters is located at the intersection of Long Lane and Heiling School Road.
Pinnacle Film is responsible for the films release in Australia and New Zealand.
Pinne started working as a television executive for the Reg Grundy organization.
Pinoy M.D. is a Philippine television informative show broadcast by GMA Network.
Pintharuka is an abandoned townsite in the Mid West region of Western Australia.
Piora is a genus of Papuasian plants in the aster tribe within the daisy family.
Piotta is a village in the municipality of Quinto in the Swiss canton of Ticino.
Piper kelleyi is a wild relative of black pepper that grows in Ecuador and Peru.
Piranha Club is the title of a comic strip written and illustrated by Bud Grace.
Pitch Black Brigade is the second album by the Norwegian black metal band Vreid.
Pithecheir is a genus of rodent in the family Muridae endemic to Southeast Asia.
Pivot Gang is a group of independent rappers based out the west side of Chicago.
P. James Debney is the CEO and President of American Outdoor Brands Corporation.
Plab attended Mascoutah High School and Southern Illinois University Carbondale.
Place names like Abbottswood and Hermitage Farm reflect a long church ownership.
Plaesiomyidae is a family of extinct lamp shells belonging to the order Orthida.
Planet Terry was an American science fiction comic book aimed at young children.
Plankenfels is a municipality in the district of Bayreuth in Bavaria in Germany.
Planning Magazine is a monthly publication of the American Planning Association.
Plant genera that have flowers with gynophores include Telopea and Brachychiton.
Plant Lipids Private Limited is an Indian exporter of spice oils and oleoresins.
Plants have a squat appearance and spines that are curved back towards the body.
Plaques listing the names of firefighters encircle the plaza from the same year.
Plasmodium achiotense is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Sauramoeba.
Plasmodium achromaticum is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Vinckeia.
Plasmodium basilisci is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Carinamoeba.
Plasmodium buteonis is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Giovannolaia.
Plasmodium gundersi is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Giovannolaia.
Plasmodium guyannense is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Sauramoeba.
Plasmodium josephinae is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Sauramoeba.
Plasmodium kentropyxi is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Sauramoeba.
Plasmodium lygosomae is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Carinamoeba.
Plasmodium marginatum is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Sauramoeba.
Plasmodium melanipherum is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Vinckeia.
Plasmodium minasense is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Carinamoeba.
Plasmodium pulmophilium is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Vinckeia.
Plasmodium silvaticum is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Plasmodium.
Plasmodium vautieri is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Lacertamoeba.
Plateau Mosaic is a ecoregion located in northern Nigeria and southern Cameroon.
Platystomopsis is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
Playa Made is the second extended play by American recording artist Kirko Bangz.
Players are given a puzzle from a card and a limited amount of time to solve it.
Players are listed according to the date of their first team debut for the club.
Players are prohibited to impede the natural spin of the clothesline in any way.
Players can also choose any player from any team to compete in a Home Run Derby.
Players can compete in cash competitions against other players across the world.
Players have to work with and against their teammates in a number of challenges.
Players listed in bold are currently playing for the club they are listed under.
Players must complete songs in order to advance the story and unlock more songs.
Players take the part of survivors of this invasion ten years after it occurred.
Players who applied for the draft went through a rookie camp that lasted a week.
Play media The Arctic sea ice covers less area in the summer than in the winter.
Play media Yehuda Shoenfeld is an Israeli physician and autoimmunity researcher.
Play to the Whistle is a British sports comedy panel game show that airs on ITV.
Please help to build these lists by adding and updating entries as you use them.
Pleasure is the second studio album by American recording artist Ashley Tisdale.
Pleurogrammus is a genus of greenlings native to the northwestern Pacific Ocean.
Plots of land were then sold to new settlers and businessmen coming to the area.
Plowden is Chairman of the Greenwich Foundation for the Old Royal Naval College.
Plus this imaging driven format was unlike others that rely strictly on sarcasm.
Plymouth Center is considered to be the most prominent neighborhood of Plymouth.
Plywood sheets are usually used for this but an alternative is plastic sheeting.
Pocharam lake is located in Nizamabad district in the Indian state of Telangana.
Podiatrists have molded custom orthotics to address patients foot malformations.
Podocarpus annamiensis has recently been considered a synonym of P. neriifolius.
Pohja represents Tampere United playing in Finnish premier league Veikkausliiga.
Poincelet kept Psidium at the back of the field until reaching Tattenham Corner.
Pointon and Sempringham is a civil parish in the English county of Lincolnshire.
Points of interest are the "Bosco del Lusignolo" and the aquatic park "Le Vele".
Poladpur is a census town in Raigad district in the Indian state of Maharashtra.
Polar Similar is the seventh studio album by American metalcore band Norma Jean.
Polercoaster is a type of amusement ride offered by US Thrill Rides and Intamin.
Police diving is a branch of professional diving carried out by police services.
Police have increased security within the nearby Pakistani capital of Islamabad.
Policy demanders control politics by nominating candidates with whom they agree.
Polis is the second studio album released by French Electronic artist Uppermost.
Political and artistic openness are said to be reasons for his choice of locale.
Political instability poses a significant threat to future economic development.
Pollard is credited with being the man who killed the Frenchman who shot Nelson.
Polychalca is a genus of tortoise beetles belonging to the family Chrysomelidae.
Polymorphomyia is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
PolyORB is a middleware licensed using the GNAT Modified General Public License.
Polytolypa hystricis contains bioactive compounds that have antifungal activity.
Polytremis is a mainly Chinese genus of grass skipper in the family Hesperiidae.
Polzin has also made a significant contribution to the study of Biblical Hebrew.
Pond Fork was named for the fact the creek is fed from a pond in its headwaters.
Pondicherry District is one of the four districts of Puducherry Union Territory.
Poole also appears in novels based on the TV series written by Robert Thorogood.
Poor financial management finally caught up to the league and it began to slide.
Pope John Paul II concluded the Youth Jubilee during the angelus of Palm Sunday.
Pope Leo X. He was given by his father the title of Count of the Lateran Palace.
Populations are unequally distributed and this creates challenges of conveyance.
Portal of Sorrow is the eighth studio album by American black metal act Xasthur.
Port Elizabeth Commando was a light infantry regiment of the South African Army.
Porthcawl railway station served the seaside resort of Porthcawl in South Wales.
Portions of the Bois Forte and Leech Lake Indian reservations are in the county.
Portions of the Poverty Ridge neighborhood are also accessible from the station.
Port Orange is a principal city in the Fun Coast region of the state of Florida.
Port Patteson is a harbor and settlement on the island of Vanua Lava in Vanuatu.
Positive Search uses the selection of relevant content as its primary mechanism.
Post invasion it is the district where foreign governments have their embassies.
Post Newspapers are publishers of the Yorkshire Post and Yorkshire Evening Post.
Posts are more commonly required for anterior teeth rather than posterior teeth.
PostYourBook.com eliminated the need for a bookstore to serve as the middle man.
Potamomya is an extinct genus of bivalve mollusk from the late Eocene of Europe.
Potassium channels are among the most diverse of all ion channels in eukaryotes.
Potter maintained the defense until the Confederates were compelled to withdraw.
Potts pointed out that Eddi herself liked to drink to deal with her many issues.
Power Tool Stigmata is the third studio album by the American rock band Godhead.
Prabhas played the lead role while Charmy Kaur and Asin played the female leads.
Pradeep Kottayam is an Indian film actor who primarily works in Malayalam films.
Prairie Hollow is a valley in St. Francois County in the U.S. state of Missouri.
Praise has appeared from various publications such as Allmusic and The Scotsman.
Pratt designed the parser originally to implement the CGOL programming language.
Precipitation runoff from the peak drains into tributaries of the Cowlitz River.
Precipitation runoff from the ridge drains into tributaries of the Methow River.
Predict a Riot is the second studio album by American hip hop musician Hezekiah.
Predominantly the word is associated with Mother Mary and the Konkani Goddesses.
Prehistoric archeology is the study of the past before historical records began.
Preqin is a source of data and intelligence for the alternative assets industry.
Presence of ChAT in a nerve cell classifies this cell as a "cholinergic" neuron.
Presentation copies are generally more valuable and rarer than inscribed copies.
President Barack Obama and his family were not home at the time of the incident.
President Bill Clinton and Vice President Al Gore were nominated for reelection.
President Bongo has remained involved in the continuing Congolese peace process.
President Obama and several world leaders congratulated India for this election.
Press On Regardless is a registered trademark of the Sports Car Club of America.
Pressure determines the maximum water content of a magma of granite composition.
Prestosuchus is an extinct genus of pseudosuchians in the family Prestosuchidae.
Previous assistants include Lambourn based trainers Ed Walker and Daniel Kubler.
Previously considered lost the film is preserved at National Archives of Canada.
Previously he worked for WNBC in New York and contributed to The New York Times.
Previously it used to run till Mathura Junction but now is extended till Jaipur.
Previously the KDE Applications Bundle was part of the KDE Software Compilation.
Previous players include back to back Welsh Varsity winning legend Jack Perkins.
Previsual detection lies on the influence of the phenomenon on other indicators.
Prey is the fourth studio album by American rock band Planes Mistaken for Stars.
Pride and Glory was a side project for Black Label Society guitarist Zakk Wylde.
Primary and secondary schools are available in the direct presence of Befandefa.
Primary support for the ABRC is provided by a National Science Foundation grant.
Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni resigned his post to President Sergio Mattarella.
Prime Minister Thomas Thabane named him Minister of Justice the following month.
Primitive and Deadly is the eighth studio album by American musical group Earth.
Princeton University Library is the main library system of Princeton University.
Printed and issued dates are included where the issued dates are in parentheses.
Prints of the film are held at George Eastman House and the Library of Congress.
Prior to joining Copperhead he played in the San Francisco band Freedom Highway.
Prior to joining the BYU faculty Derr was a professor at the University of Utah.
Prior to that Ali worked at a television journalist for Fiji Television Limited.
Priory ward also elects four community councilors to Haverfordwest Town Council.
Prisoners endure floggings at the whipping post and spend time in the sweat box.
Prithika Yashini is the first transgender woman to be a police officer in India.
Privacy mode will also disable the storage of data in cookies and Flash cookies.
Priya Ravichandran is a Deputy Director with tamilnadu fire and rescue services.
Proactive disclosure is the act of releasing information before it is requested.
Proanthocyanidins were first popularized by French scientist Jacques Masquelier.
Proculus Verginius Tricostus Rutilus was a Roman statesman who served as Consul.
Producers hired Angerson because they were increasing the size of the male cast.
Producers Tony Hendrik and Karin Hartmann helped with the start up of the group.
Product activation prevents unlimited free use of copied or replicated software.
Production and mixing duties were completed by Monte Vallier at Ruminator Audio.
Production control is often run from a specific control room or operations room.
Production switched to wings for wartime aircraft and other aircraft components.
Product marketing is a process of promoting and selling a product to a customer.
Products are sold by a global network of sales representatives and distributors.
Proepacrocerus is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
Proetida is an order of trilobite that lived from the Ordovician to the Permian.
Professional wrestling in Australia makes up a small part of Australian culture.
Program slicing can be used in debugging to locate source of errors more easily.
Progreso District is one of the fourteen districts of the Grau Province in Peru.
Project leadership hoards potential credit and prestige the project can produce.
Project Runway Australia was picked up for a second season by the Arena channel.
Prolene commonly is used in both human and veterinary medicine for skin closure.
Promotional bumper material and opening credit sequences were created by Raygun.
Pronounced lack of alertness can be graded as an altered level of consciousness.
Propaganda in the United States is spread by both government and media entities.
Properly produced decarboxylated cannabis teas are very effective when ingested.
Proper metallicity and size are also very important to low luminosity variation.
Prorotodactylus is the only ichnogenus within the ichnofamily Prorotodactylidae.
Prosisyrina is an extinct genus of lacewing in the neuropteran family Sisyridae.
"Prosopa" Greek Television Awards were annual awards about the Greek television.
Prostitution is not as widespread in Sri Lanka as in some neighboring countries.
Protein enabled homolog is a protein that in humans is encoded by the ENAH gene.
Proteoideae is one of five subfamilies of the flowering plant family Proteaceae.
Proterochersidae is an extinct family of turtles in the Testudinata superfamily.
Protestant descendants of those excluded for being Roman Catholics are eligible.
Protests ended after the government promised to permanently suspend the project.
Protocol decoders are written in Python and can be stacked on top of each other.
Protonympha is a form genus for problematic fossils of Devonian age in New York.
Provide intelligence collection requirements to the Defense Intelligence Agency.
Providence County is the most populous county in the U.S. state of Rhode Island.
Prunin is a flavanone glycoside found in immature citrus fruits and in tomatoes.
Psammophis are diurnal and prey on lizards and rodents which they actively hunt.
PSAs are usually designed to form a bond and hold properly at room temperatures.
Pseudeuptychia is a genus of satyrid butterflies found in the Neotropical realm.
Pseudicius maculatus is a jumping spider that lives in Lesotho and South Africa.
Pseudoamplexus is an extinct genus of horn corals belonging to the order Rugosa.
Pseudohydromys is a genus of rodent in the family Muridae endemic to New Guinea.
Pseudopterogramma is a genus of flies belonging to the family Lesser Dung flies.
Pseudotessellarctia is a genus of arctiine tussock moths in the family Erebidae.
Psiloceras is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the ammonite subclass.
Psittacara is a genus of South and Middle American parakeets in the tribe Arini.
Psophodidae is a family of passerine birds native to Australia and nearby areas.
PSP comes with an interface for automating tasks with scripts written in Python.
P. stolbovi is known only from some snout fragments and an incomplete lower jaw.
Pterobunocephalus is a genus of banjo catfishes found in tropical South America.
Pteropodidae found in Papua New Guinea and named after the Bismarck Archipelago.
Public holidays in the Falkland Islands are determined by the Executive Council.
Public libraries in Regola include the Biblioteca centrale Centrale dei Ragazzi.
Public Life with Randy David was a public affairs program hosted by Randy David.
Public participation may be advanced as part of a "people first" paradigm shift.
Public universities are some of the largest academic institutions in Costa Rica.
Publius Mummius Sisenna Rutilianus was a Roman senator of the second century AD.
Pucca Chocolate is a Japanese baked pretzel candy with a chocolate cream center.
Pueblo Bello is the main producer of coffee in the Caribbean Region of Colombia.
Puerto Nare is a town and municipality in the Colombian department of Antioquia.
Puerto Villarroel is a locality in the Cochabamba Department in central Bolivia.
Puinahua District is one of eleven districts in the province of Requena in Peru.
Puliyur is a panchayat town in Karur district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Pullampet is a village in Kadapa district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Pulled rickshaws have been replaced mainly by cycle rickshaw and auto rickshaws.
Pulloli Thomas Chacko was a prominent politician of Travancore and later Kerala.
Punishment is the third studio album released by American hardcore band Endwell.
Punjabi journalists have received many international awards for their reporting.
Pupfish are especially noted for being found in extreme and isolated situations.
Pupils in the sixth form can choose to study from a range of A Levels and BTECs.
Purchases can be made via any smart phone or device with access to the internet.
Purdie formed the Bou Saada Trust to raise money for her war against the Sahara.
Purple Reign in Blood is the third album released by the pop punk band Fenix TX.
Purple Software is an eroge brand under the publisher Clear Blue Communications.
Push Not the River is a historical romance novel by author James Conroyd Martin.
Putkar Hembrom is an Indian politician and member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
Putlur is a village in Anantapur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Putrefactive Infestation is the first EP by French death metal band Necrowretch.
Puymangou is a former commune in the Dordogne department in southwestern France.
PUZZLE music videos often feature computer generated or virtual reality effects.
P.V.Narasimha Rao and directed by the renowned Kannada director T.S.Nagabharana.
Pyeongchang FC is a South Korean football club based in the city of Pyeongchang.
PyGTK is a set of Python wrappers for the GTK+ graphical user interface library.
Python Hunters is a television series airing on the National Geographic Channel.
Qamqenxoi is a village in the Tibet Autonomous Region of China in central Tibet.
Qatar Chronicle was a daily English language news web portal published in Qatar.
Quadri was the trusted mentor and close friend of late Sultan Salahuddin Owaisi.
Quality audits can be an integral part of compliance or regulatory requirements.
Quarles has also been a member of the New England Patriots and Cleveland Browns.
Quarries in the area produce good quality gravel which is mostly used for roads.
Quartermaster Canyon is a popular destination for Grand Canyon helicopter tours.
Quartet is a second collaboration album of guitarists Peter Rowan and Tony Rice.
Queen Mary often visited during Cowes Week to stay with her friend Lady Thursby.
Querecotillo District is one of eight districts of the province Sullana in Peru.
Query optimization is a function of many relational database management systems.
Question and Answer is an album by Pat Metheny with Dave Holland and Roy Haynes.
Question and Answer is a science fiction novel by American writer Poul Anderson.
Quinssaines is a commune in the Allier department in Auvergne in central France.
Rabauliomorpha is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
Rabbi Hanina of the Sura Academy was a Babylonian Amora of the fifth generation.
Rabey is located within Northwest Aitkin Unorganized Territory of Aitkin County.
Rachel Comey is an American independent fashion designer based in New York City.
Rachel Kohl Finegold is a Maharat for Congregation Shaar Hashomayim in Montreal.
Rachel Oldroyd is the managing editor at the Bureau of Investigative Journalism.
Rachicerus obscuripennis is a North American Diptera of the Rachicerinae family.
Racial discrimination in jury selection has a long history in the United States.
Racing takes place every Friday and Saturday night as well as Sunday lunchtimes.
"Radioactive Man" was the first episode of The Simpsons to be digitally colored.
Radio Ixtlan is the fourth studio album by the English musical project Ewigkeit.
Radiometric contouring and geological mapping was completed later the same year.
Rad is a comic book supervillain in the Femforce comic published by A.C. Comics.
RadRails is a Rapid Application Development IDE for the Ruby on Rails framework.
Radullan Sahiron is a Filipino Islamic militant who is the leader of Abu Sayyaf.
Raghunandan Panshikar has established his unique treatment to classical singing.
Raging Blast is a video game based on the manga and anime franchise Dragon Ball.
Ragland is home to the Coal Mac mining complex and the Ragland Church of Christ.
Rahmatganj Muslim Friends Society is a sports club of Bangladesh based in Dhaka.
Raichur District is an administrative district in the Indian state of Karnataka.
Rail vehicles arrived from all parts of the UK via a rail connection or by road.
Railway stations near Hindaun Railway Station are Shri Mahaveerji and Bayana Jn.
Rainald is a name of a number of historical persons listed in the Domesday Book.
Rain and snow mixed is precipitation composed of rain and partially melted snow.
Raines also performs in musical theater and in concert with symphony orchestras.
Raipur is a census town in Dehradun district in the Indian state of Uttarakhand.
Rajapur taluka is a taluka in Ratnagiri district of Maharashtra an Indian state.
Rajarshi Shahu Football Stadium is a historic football stadium in Kolhapur City.
Rajesh Sharma is an Indian film actor who acted in many Hindi and Bengali films.
Rajgamar is a census town in Korba district in the Indian state of Chhattisgarh.
Rajiv Menon is an Indian advertising filmmaker and feature film cinematographer.
Rajkamal is an Indian actor who has worked on Tamil films and television series.
Raj Krishna was an Indian economist who taught at the Delhi School of Economics.
Ralcorp has its headquarters in the Bank of America Plaza in downtown St. Louis.
Ralph Haller is the tenth Deputy Director of the National Reconnaissance Office.
Ramapuram is a village in Kadapa district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Ramasastry is a member of the Department of Commerce Internet Policy Task Force.
Ramattan is a Palestinian news agency based in the Gaza Strip and the West Bank.
Ramaval is a Village in Dildarnagar Kamsar in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
Ramayan Tiwari was an Bollywood actor who was more famous by his surname Tiwari.
Ramdas Ambatkar is an Indian politician belonging to the Bharatiya Janata Party.
Ram Dhan was arrested on the night when Emergency was declared by Indira Gandhi.
Ramgarh is a village in Nohar tehsil in Hanumangarh district of Rajasthan state.
Rande Gerber is an American entertainment industry businessman and former model.
Random.org is a website that produces random numbers based on atmospheric noise.
Randy Voepel is an American politician serving in the California State Assembly.
Rani tried to help Erica but was pushed to the ground before two men pulled off.
Ranjit Debbarma is the current commander general of the All Tripura Tiger Force.
Rapey is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Rapidly he moved on to working with Sony/RCA label as a producer and songwriter.
Raspbian was created by Mike Thompson and Peter Green as an independent project.
Ratboy had a troubled production and was both a critical and commercial failure.
Rat Candy is also actual confectionery made to look like rats and other rodents.
Rates are a tax on property in the United Kingdom used to fund local government.
Rates of misuse in the United States appear to be lower than with other opioids.
Rational Publishing Engine is produced by the Rational software division of IBM.
Raven of Chota was a title given to Cherokee war leaders from the town of Chota.
Raves is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Rawa Buaya is an administrative village in the Cengkareng district of Indonesia.
Rawalpindi arts council is adjacent to Shehbaz Sharif sports complex Rawalpindi.
Rayadurga is a town in Anantapur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Rayagada railway station serves Rayagada district in the Indian state of Odisha.
Raymond Robert Rogers is a professor and chair of geology at Macalester College.
Razajerdi is a moribund Northwestern Iranian language closely related to Talysh.
RBC and Leeuwarden won the championship and were promoted to the Eerste Divisie.
RCA did a series of "Our Man in ..." and Chet was indeed their man in Nashville.
R Canum Venaticorum is a Mira variable star in the constellation Canes Venatici.
R. Chokkar is an Indian politician and was a Member of the Legislative Assembly.
Readers included patrons of the Mercantile Library Association of San Francisco.
Reality television has faced significant criticism since its rise in popularity.
Rebecca Lim is the most recent winner in this category for her role in The Lead.
Rebecca Lynn Howard and Ricky Skaggs join her in background harmony on the song.
Reborn dolls are primarily purchased on the internet but are available at fairs.
Recent academic research using the MLQ continue to use the original scale names.
Recently it was bought by blipdar.com and no longer exists in its previous form.
Recent research has led scholars to question the validity of these explanations.
Recipients of honors are listed here as they were styled before their new honor.
Recophora hreblayi is a moth of the Noctuidae family which is endemic to Turkey.
RecordMyDesktop only outputs to Ogg using Theora for video and Vorbis for audio.
Rectifi was an online search engine which channels profited it earns to charity.
Recurring themes in the myths of language dispersal are floods and catastrophes.
Recurve archery is the only discipline of archery featured at the Olympic Games.
Red Cedar Technology is a software development and engineering services company.
Redcoat is the name given to frontline staff at Butlins holiday camps in the UK.
Reddypalem is a village in Burgampahad Mandala of Bhadradri Kothagudem District.
Red Ryder was ultimately replaced by a commercial package called "White Knight."
Reece Shearsmith has officially announced that there will not be a third series.
Reese Stadium is also the home of the Elm City Express professional soccer team.
Regent is a mountainous town in the Western Area Rural District of Sierra Leone.
Regiment Port Natal was a motorized infantry regiment of the South African Army.
Regina Regina is the only album by the American country music duo Regina Regina.
Regions are also an internal organization of the National Speleological Society.
Register of the Treasury was an office of the United States Treasury Department.
Registration is the task of aligning or developing correspondences between data.
Regular games were played between Sheffield and London using both sets of rules.
Regulations could be made to prevent the obstruction of parades and processions.
Reid alleged that later limited availability of ECT contributed to two suicides.
Reid was considered an important artist within the Western Desert cultural bloc.
Reinert Open was a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts.
Rejection of spontaneous generation is no longer controversial among biologists.
Rejuvenation is the fifth studio album by the New Orleans funk group The Meters.
Rekha Godbole is a former One Day International cricketer who represented India.
Rekha Ratnakar is an Indian politician and member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
Rekuiem pursued their own style of metal which later became known as doom metal.
Reliance Partners is an insurance agency offering commercial insurance products.
Religious institutes are one of the two types of institutes of consecrated life.
Remains of the town are also visible adjacent to the Upper Bankhead parking lot.
Remeleh is the first Palestinian ever to qualify for the Olympic games on merit.
Remember is the second studio album by English electronic music duo AlunaGeorge.
Remove barriers that rob the hourly worker of his right to pride of workmanship.
Rendlesham Hall was a large manor house in the village of Rendlesham in Suffolk.
Renewable energy in Brunei includes the photovoltaic power generation in Brunei.
Rengg is a locality and a mountain pass in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.
Renly Baratheon is portrayed by Gethin Anthony in the HBO television adaptation.
Reno Township is a civil township of Iosco County in the U.S. state of Michigan.
Rent Control is a television film starring Melissa Joan Hart and Carmen Electra.
Reparations are broadly understood as compensation given for an abuse or injury.
Repeats of the show are aired on the Discovery Life Channel and Justice Network.
Repel is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Representatives are known from the upper Cretaceous and the Paleocene of Europe.
Representatives should have a relevant background in population and development.
Reprieve from Paradise is a science fiction novel by author H. Chandler Elliott.
Republican Congressman Jim Gibbons defeated Democratic State Senator Dina Titus.
Republicans held the majority of seats in the Oklahoma House of Representatives.
Repugnus is the name of three fictional characters from the Transformers series.
Rere is a weekly New Zealand television educational show hosted by Kaa Williams.
Research fellow positions vary in different countries and academic institutions.
Research has shown reduction in tumor growth in mice and rats with glioblastoma.
Research interactions are fostered by seminar series and scientific conferences.
Research reactors are nuclear reactors that serve primarily as a neutron source.
Research suggests that there are paradoxical effects associated with temptation.
Reshma Rathore is an Indian actress and model who appears in South Indian films.
Residents and homeowners can join the Pacific Park Plaza Homeowners Association.
Residents of Gibson are served by the Corning Painted Post Area School District.
Resource nationalism conflicts with the interests of multinational corporations.
Resources manager to collect the links to the local documents and web resources.
Restricted oceanic circulation in the west led to extensive evaporite formation.
Retinoids have found use in medicine where they regulate epithelial cell growth.
Retirement age in the public sector is usually lower than in the private sector.
Retractable headlights with circular lenses garnished a sharply raked front end.
Retribution is the sixth studio album by American heavy metal band Shadows Fall.
Returning to the Western Desert it took part in the Second Battle of El Alamein.
Return to Forever is a jazz fusion group founded and led by pianist Chick Corea.
Revelation is the fifth studio album by American heavy metal band Armored Saint.
Revenge of the Sith is an action video game based on the movie of the same name.
Reversing the direction of a path reverses what is considered inside or outside.
Reviews and recordings have confirmed the tour was also of poor musical quality.
Revival is located on the southern west coast of Jamaica in Westmoreland Parish.
Revoiced is a compilation album by the German progressive metal band Dreamscape.
Reza helped create the MLlib library and Linear Algebra Package in Apache Spark.
RF and IgG join to form immune complexes that contribute to the disease process.
Rhabdammina is a genus in the family Rhabdamminidae of textulariid foraminifera.
Rhadinorhynchidae is a family of parasitic worms from the order Echinorhynchida.
Rhaon is a South Korean company that made all the kinds of the game TalesRunner.
Rhema FM is operated by Manning Great Lakes Christian Broadcasters Incorporated.
Rhizocybe is a mushroom genus in the family Tricholomataceae in the broad sense.
Rhizopogon truncatus is an ectomycorrhizal fungus in the family Rhizopogonaceae.
Rhodes was best known for his appearances on the Porter Wagoner television show.
Riall studied at the London School of Economics and the University of Cambridge.
Rialto Beach is a public beach located on the Pacific Ocean in Washington state.
Ricardo Ojeda Lara was the defending champion but chose not to defend his title.
Richard A. Appelbaum is a retired Rear Admiral in the United States Coast Guard.
Richard Beitzen was turned over to the Royal Navy and scrapped four years later.
Richard Carvel is a historical novel by the American novelist Winston Churchill.
Richard Dalton wrote a more recent review of the stratigraphy of the Kittatinny.
Richard James is a bespoke Savile Row tailors and contemporary menswear company.
Richard Oteng Mensah is a Ghanaian former footballer who played as a midfielder.
Rich Crack Baby is the second commercial mixtape by American rapper Young Dolph.
Richlyn has also developed a number of websites for dental practices nationwide.
Richmond is a coastal city located in the Canadian province of British Columbia.
Richwoods Township was named for the forest and fertile soil within its borders.
Ricki Lake is a daytime tabloid talk show hosted by American actress Ricki Lake.
Rick now teams up with former Alouette allstars Paul lambert and Davis Sanchez .
Rick Terry Schmeig is an American football center who is currently a free agent.
Ricky Martin Live is the ninth concert tour by Puerto Rican singer Ricky Martin.
Ricnodon is an extinct genus of microsaur within the family Hapsidopareiontidae.
Right is a fantasy board wargame designed by Glenn A. Rahman and Kenneth Rahman.
Rightline Gear products are available Internationally by a variety of retailers.
Rihanna has been photographed wearing a "Cunt Life" shirt designed by the group.
Rimed snow has been found to provide greater initial stability for a snow layer.
Rimmer originally studied fashion and textile design and taught himself to cook.
Riocito is a village and municipality in San Luis Province in central Argentina.
Rio Piracicaba is a Brazilian municipality located in the state of Minas Gerais.
Ripun Bora is a leader of the Indian National Congress party hailing from Assam.
Risankizumab is part of a collaboration between Boehringer Ingelheim and AbbVie.
Rise of the Imperial Hordes is the first studio album by black metal band Krieg.
Riverfest was held the second week of July and ran from Thursday through Sunday.
River Fields is the ninth oldest conservation organization in the United States.
Rivista Storica Italiana is an Italian academic journal in the field of history.
Riziki Omar Juma is a Member of Parliament in the National Assembly of Tanzania.
RLEK has fought in the courts of justice for communities as well as individuals.
RNB Research specializes in qualitative and quantitative custom market research.
Road Between is the debut studio album by American actress and singer Lucy Hale.
Road routes in the Australian Capital Territory assist drivers navigating roads.
Road transportation is the primary form of freight transport across the country.
Road Trip is the second and final album from American girl group Girl Authority.
Roald Larsen was defending champion but did not succeed in prolonging his title.
Roarities is an extended play by Welsh alternative rock band the Joy Formidable.
Roast lamb with laver sauce is a recipe associated with Wales and Welsh cuisine.
Rob Bickhart is a former finance director for the Republican National Committee.
Robbie was written and directed by Ronald Dunkley and produced by James Ritchie.
Rob E. Kass is an American statistician currently the Maurice Falk Professor of.
Robert "Bootsie" Barnes is an American jazz tenor saxophonist from Philadelphia.
Robert Catalanotti is a retired major general in the United States Army Reserve.
Robert George Arns is an American physicist and historian of electrical history.
Robert is portrayed by English actor Mark Addy in the HBO television adaptation.
Robert Jenner is an English hockey player with the Romford Raiders of the EPIHL.
Robert King is an American fantasy novelist and former editor and game designer.
Robert revolted and Bohemond turned against him and began annexing his counties.
Roberts is a Wisbech Super League player and makes his living as a tarmac layer.
Robertson later relocated to Los Angeles where he met his wife Kendra Robertson.
Roberts was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Everton.
Rob Gretton who went on to become the manager of Joy Division worked at Rafters.
Robinson has it ranging throughout Africa and occurring also in India and China.
Robinson was also the first black manager in the history of the American League.
Rock Arena featured live music performances and interviews of bands and singers.
Rocketfuel is the second studio album by the Dutch rockband Peter Pan Speedrock.
Rockhampton was also the junction of the Central Western line and Emu Park line.
Rocking Tall featured as a second disk/alternate version to The Best of Warrant.
Rocktopus released several independent cassettes and an EP on Lone Wolf Records.
Rocky Mountain Music is the second studio album by country artist Eddie Rabbitt.
Rodmal Rathore is an Indian politician and member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
Rodrigo Vargas is a Bolivian footballer who plays as a striker for Karpaty Lviv.
Rod Sheard is a British / Australian architect and Senior Principal at Populous.
Rogers has also been a member of the Minnesota Vikings and New England Patriots.
Rogers Plus was a brand name for the retail operations of Rogers Communications.
Rogers was predominantly a defender and spent most of his time across half back.
Rohmann is a graduate of Illinois State University and Arizona State University.
Rojasianthe is a genus of Mesoamerican flowering plants in the sunflower family.
Rolling Green Township was named for the rolling green hills within its borders.
Romana is the professional male volleyball team representing La Romana Province.
Romania has an embassy in Pyongyang and North Korea has an embassy in Bucharest.
Romania has risen to prominence in a number of sporting areas in recent decades.
Roman Road railway station was a railway station on the East Kent Light Railway.
Romeo takes the side of the blast and Juliet will entertain the school children.
Ron Chancey is a record producer who works primarily in the country music field.
Ronnie Milsap is the first studio album from country music artist Ronnie Milsap.
Ronny was replaced by Dave Thomas once Gordon Lee became the manager of Everton.
Roofless Records focuses predominantly on experimental music by Florida artists.
Roof shingles are a roof covering consisting of individual overlapping elements.
Roop Chaudhary is an Indian politician and member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
Root caps contain statocytes which are involved in gravity perception in plants.
Root microbiota affect plant host fitness and productivity in a variety of ways.
Roria is an Oceanic language spoken in central Espiritu Santo Island in Vanuatu.
Rosalina is a genus of foraminifera included in the rotaliid family Rosalinidae.
Rose and Thorn are the two personalities of a Golden Age character in DC Comics.
Roseanne Diab is the CEO and a member of the Academy of Science of South Africa.
Rose Constance Owusu is a Ghanaian former Justice of the Supreme Court of Ghana.
Rosedale is a small town in the south western Barossa Valley in South Australia.
"Rose of Sharon" has become a frequently used catch phrase in poetry and lyrics.
Rosling King LLP Geoghegan qualified for Ireland through his Galway born father.
Rossmore Castle also known as Rossmore Park was a castle in Monaghan in Ireland.
Rotisserie chicken has gained prominence and popularity in U.S. grocery markets.
Rotylenchus brachyurus is a plant pathogenic nematode infecting African violets.
Roundstone Creek was descriptively named for the round stones within its course.
"Roxanne" was released as a single in other countries except the United Kingdom.
Roxio Creator is a proprietary optical disk authoring program produced by Roxio.
Royal Anne suffered little to no damage and finally managed to reach Portsmouth.
Royal Blood is the eponymous debut studio album by British rock duo Royal Blood.
Roz and Chris meet the Fifth Doctor and his companions in the novel Cold Fusion.
R. Pischel has noted Dhisana a goddess of wealth similar to Aditi and the earth.
RSS assigned him to involved with politician to the Bharatiya Janata Party BJP .
Rubella is usually spread through the air via coughs of people who are infected.
Rubus philyrophyllus is a perennial shrub with straight prickles and many hairs.
Rudkin harks back to a pagan era where the crops were fertilized by human blood.
Rugolo was an Assumption College recruit and spent three seasons with Melbourne.
Rules of replacement are used in propositional logic to manipulate propositions.
Runaway Train is the debut album from the Christian country group Crabb Revival.
Rundgren flew to Toronto to see the band perform in concert at the Diamond Club.
Runecraft is a defunct British video game developer based in the United Kingdom.
Run Features is an independent film distribution company based in New York City.
Runner Runner is the debut studio album by American pop rock band Runner Runner.
Running alongside the village separating it from Strongstry is the River Irwell.
Rushan borders Yantai to the north and looks out to the Yellow Sea to the south.
Rusheen Bay is famous for nurturing windsurfing talent for all ages windsurfers.
Russell Mehta is the current managing director of the Indian arm of the company.
Russia has competed at the Paralympic Games as different nations in its history.
Russia has highly limited animal welfare protections by international standards.
Rust Road is the approximate boundary between the two municipalities at Granton.
Ruxton Creek flows out of Englemann Canyon and into the town of Manitou Springs.
RWIS data are used by road operators and maintainers to support decision making.
Ryan Adams has named this album as a leading influence on his own musical style.
Ryan Willis is an American college football player for the Virginia Tech Hokies.
Rybka is a computer chess engine designed by International Master Vasik Rajlich.
Ryckaert studied psychology and educational sciences at the University of Ghent.
Sabri Benkahla is an American Muslim Theologian and Lecturer of Islamic Studies.
Sacaba is a capital city and a municipality in the Bolivian province of Chapare.
Sacha joined the Keller ward staff as a specialist registrar in general surgery.
Sacquenville is a commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France.
Sacred Heart Matriculation Higher Secondary School is located in Sholinganallur.
Sadanand Chauhan was an Indian politician and member of the Lok Janshakti Party.
Saeed Ghaedifar is a defender who played for Fajr Sepasi in the Azadegan League.
Safa Masjid or Safa Shahouri masjid is located at Ponda within the Goa in India.
Safeway was a chain of supermarkets and convenience shops in the United Kingdom.
SA Flyer is a South African aviation magazine published monthly in Johannesburg.
SAIL Amsterdam is a quinquennial maritime event in Amsterdam in the Netherlands.
Sailplanes come in different styles and sizes but are alwys graceful in the air.
Sail River is a stream on the Olympic Peninsula in the U.S. state of Washington.
Saint Joseph Hospital and Lafayette High School are located in the neighborhood.
Saint Kitts and Nevis maintains a High Commission in South Kensington in London.
Saint Kitts and Nevis Scouts participate in numerous Caribbean camps and events.
Saint Kitts Creole has much the same history as other English Caribbean creoles.
Saint roma rishi worshiped the lord siva and attain holy blessings by lord siva.
SAISA events enable students to represent their schools at other schools abroad.
Sajama is a province in the northwestern parts of the Bolivian Oruro Department.
Saks previously competed internationally as a single skater on the junior level.
Sakura Pakk is an anthology OEL manga series created and published by eigoMANGA.
Salamanca District is one of eight districts of the province Condesuyos in Peru.
Salas last played for the Texas Outlaws in the Professional Arena Soccer League.
Sales were good and the station managed good ratings with a very high spot load.
Sales were slow due to affordability and difficulty in obtaining mortgage loans.
Salicylic acid is used as a medicine to help remove the outer layer of the skin.
Saline irrigation to distend the vagina is often used to maximize visualization.
Sally McBrearty is an American paleoanthropologist and Paleolithic archeologist.
Salpornis is a genus of bird which is usually included in the Certhiidae family.
Salvelinus is a member of the subfamily Salmoninae within the family Salmonidae.
Samayanallur is a state assembly constituency in Madurai district in Tamil Nadu.
Same as It Ever Was is the second album by American hip hop group House of Pain.
Samegua District is one of six districts of the province Mariscal Nieto in Peru.
Same language subtitling is used in the show to improve literacy in rural areas.
"Sammy" Llewellyn is a former Trinidad and Tobago international football player.
Samoa A is a national representative rugby union team of the Samoan rugby union.
Sampson was educated at Wakefield Technical College and the University of Leeds.
Samraong District is a district in Oddar Meanchey province in northern Cambodia.
Samsudeen is an Indian politician and former Member of the Legislative Assembly.
Sancti venite is a Latin Eucharistic hymn recorded in the Antiphonary of Bangor.
Sandalwood is a small settlement in the Murray Mallee region of South Australia.
Sandepudi is a village in Guntur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Sandin was an advocate of education and a "copy it right distribution religion".
Sand Lake is a general law village in Kent County in the U.S. state of Michigan.
Sands is an informal settlement located in Region A of the City of Johannesburg.
Sangamon County is a county located in the center of the U.S. state of Illinois.
Sangeeta Shankar is an Indian violinist who performs Hindustani classical music.
Sanghi obtained a B.A. and an M.A. in Political Science from Osmania University.
Sang is a fifth generation Chinese New Zealander comic book artist and designer.
Sangli District has provided many popular politicians and bureaucrats until now.
San Jacinto District is one of the six districts of the province Tumbes in Peru.
Sanjeevi is the name of the mountain with auspicious and medicinal plants on it.
San Marino and the Vatican City are integrated into the Italian postcode system.
"Sanny" McAnespie is a Scottish former professional football player and manager.
Sanofi Pasteur is the largest company in the world devoted entirely to vaccines.
San Severo railway station is an Italian railway station situated in San Severo.
Santa Cruz District is one of fifteen districts of the province Cutervo in Peru.
Santa Leonor District is one of twelve districts of the province Huaura in Peru.
Santa Monica Public Library also lists the book as recommended reading for kids.
Santa Rosa District is one of eleven districts of the province Pallasca in Peru.
Santa Rosa District is one of twenty districts of the province Chiclayo in Peru.
Santipur is a locality in Guwahati near the south bank of the river Brahmaputra.
Santosham Film Awards are one of the most popular awards given for Telugu films.
SAPS is responsible for investigating crime and security throughout the country.
Sara Arjun is an Indian child actress who has appeared in films and commercials.
Sarah Castle is an American Paralympic wheelchair basketball player and swimmer.
Sarah Graves is the pen name of American mystery and crime novelist Mary Squibb.
Saraila is a Village in Dildarnagar Kamsar in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
Sarajevo is economically one of the strongest regions of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Saran Kaba Jones is a clean water advocate and social entrepreneur from Liberia.
Sarkisian left the team to become the head coach at USC following the Apple Cup.
Sarpotdar is a family name found mainly among the Maharashtrian people in India.
Sasauli is a census town in Yamunanagar district in the Indian state of Haryana.
Sasse is the stage name used by Finnish electronic music producer Klas Lindblad.
Sathupati Prasanna Sree has developed a unique script for use with the language.
Sattenapalle is a town in Guntur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Saudagar started his career by performing at various social and cultural events.
Saulkrasti parish was created from the countryside territory of Saulkrasti town.
Savile Town is also home to a Sunday league football club called Savile Town FC.
Savile Town is perhaps most famous for its role in the British Muslim community.
Saxonerpeton is an extinct genus of microsaur of the family Hapsidopareiontidae.
Saxophone Colossus is a studio album by American jazz saxophonist Sonny Rollins.
Say Africa is the seventh studio album by South African musician Vusi Mahlasela.
Saybrook Graduate School and Widener University also provide distance education.
Scaevola is the only Goodeniaceae genus that is widespread outside of Australia.
SCARAs are generally faster and cleaner than comparable Cartesian robot systems.
Scarlet was a type of fine and expensive woolen cloth common in Medieval Europe.
Scarpa also was elected to the local government as a member of the Greens Party.
Scarred for Life is the debut album by Californian melodic hardcore band Ignite.
SCFCWC also raised money for other organizations and causes and ran food drives.
Schellas Hyndman and John Hackworth have gone on to coach professionally in MLS.
Schemes are also periodically modified to reflect the experience over the years.
Schirnding is a municipality in the district of Wunsiedel in Bavaria in Germany.
Schistocerataceae is one of seventeen superfamilies of the Goniatitina suborder.
Schizophrenia is a complex mental disorder with a heterogeneous set of symptoms.
Scholars from India and abroad have eagerly sought his evaluation of their work.
Scholl has won six singles and six doubles titles on the ITF tour in her career.
Schonstett is a municipality in the district of Rosenheim in Bavaria in Germany.
School Dayz is the first and only studio album released by child rapper Baby DC.
Schools and colleges may include postvention strategies in overall crisis plans.
Schools on Wheels mainly tutors children between Kindergarten and Twelfth Grade.
School uniform is compulsory at Hollyfield for all pupils except the sixth form.
Schroeder lives in Penticton with his wife Nicole and their sons Jimmy and Finn.
Schwartzman is also best known as the lead vocalist of the rock/pop band Rooney.
Schwarzman produced the film through his Black Bear Pictures production company.
Schwifting is a municipality in the district of Landsberg in Bavaria in Germany.
Science and engineering articles that highly impact the kite world are included.
Science Oxford Networks connects businesses with the general public and schools.
Science Platform Aircraft are aircraft that benefit the earth science community.
Scirrotto has also been a member of the New York Giants and Philadelphia Eagles.
Scissorman is a reoccurring antagonist and sometimes the sole enemy in the game.
Scotland and Ireland can be seen across the Irish Sea on a moderately clear day.
Scotland and Scottish football clubs hold many records for football attendances.
Scotland is a city in Telfair and Wheeler counties in the U.S. state of Georgia.
Scotland missed out on a first Grand Slam after losing to England at Twickenham.
Scotorepens is a genus of bats within the Vespertilionidae or vesper bat family.
Scott also drove the client architecture that ran Windows Live and MSN Services.
Scott Clark is a fictional character from the American soap opera Santa Barbara.
Scott D. Anthony is an author and managing partner of consulting firm Innosight.
Scott has also drawn or painted the cover art for many Flying Nun album sleeves.
Scott Howard is the baritone singer for the Southern Gospel Quartet Legacy Five.
Scrabble is an official computerized version of the board game of the same name.
Screening can lead to false positive results and subsequent invasive procedures.
Scribbler state that they are "at the forefront of edgy humor and great design".
Scriptures have been found which depict Amona as a capital of ancient dynasties.
Sealed bottles have an applied glass seal on the shoulder or side of the bottle.
Seal of Phnom Penh is the municipality seal used by the City Hall of Phnom Penh.
Searching for that hashtag will yield each message that has been tagged with it.
Search results were limited to the sites included in a particular search engine.
Search theory is a branch of microeconomics that studies decisions of this type.
Seaspray is the name of several fictional characters in the Transformers series.
Seats held by Labor defectors are here considered to be held by the Labor Party.
Seattle Foundation is the community foundation serving the greater Seattle area.
Seattle Sounders FC has a professional beach soccer team based in United States.
Sebecidae is an extinct family of prehistoric mesoeucrocodylian crocodylomorphs.
Second and third crops of crystals can then be harvested from the mother liquor.
Secondary data refers to data that was collected by someone other than the user.
Secondary inflows are the Roslyn River at the south and Margret Creek northeast.
Secondary structure can be predicted from one or several nucleic acid sequences.
Secret Machines is the third album by the alternative group The Secret Machines.
Secundus also appears in the play and speaks of his role in composing the plays.
Security of the site and its inventory is professed by the Pakistani government.
Security Square Mall is located adjacent to the North American School of Trades.
Seed dispersal is the movement or transport of seeds away from the parent plant.
Seer Hamdan is a village in the Anantnag district of Jammu and Kashmir in India.
Segbwema is a town in Kailahun District in the Eastern Province of Sierra Leone.
Segerberg is a Director of Communications at Washington University in St. Louis.
Segments of the hypermedia are identified through a process of pattern matching.
Seismograms are essential for finding the location and magnitude of earthquakes.
Seizures may occur and therefore caution is recommended in people with epilepsy.
Seminarians at Holy Trinity Seminary attend classes at the University of Dallas.
Sender Unknown is a science fiction novel for young adults by Sallie Lowenstein.
Senebhenaf was an Ancient Egyptian vizier during the Second Intermediate Period.
Senftenbach is a community in Upper Austria in the district of Ried im Innkreis.
Sengl is the daughter of the painter Peter Sengl and the artist Susanne Lacombe.
Sennett originally went by the names Blake Soper and Blake Swendson as an actor.
Senniam was the younger brother of the Deputy Interior Minister Thaworn Senniam.
Sensuality is the second album by German eurodance/trance project S.E.X. Appeal.
Separate committees within the club oversee the Minis and Juniors and main club.
Separate EUHIDs are allowed for different episodes of care for the same patient.
Separations is the third studio album by the English alternative rock band Pulp.
Serapias have spurless flowers and usually go dormant during the winter seasons.
SerDes Framer Interface is a standard for telecommunications abbreviated as SFI.
Serge Bengono is currently an assistant track coach at Norfolk State University.
Sericostoma is a genus of bushtailed caddisflies in the family Sericostomatidae.
Sericostomatidae is a family of bushtailed caddisflies in the order Trichoptera.
Serletic worked with American Idol winner David Cook on his second studio album.
Serous cystadenocarcinoma is a type of tumor in the cystadenocarcinoma grouping.
Serra created a replicate sculpture which is currently on display in the museum.
Serra de Santana is a microregion in the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Norte.
Sertularella crassa is a branching colonial hydroid in the family Sertulariidae.
Service is provided every day of the week except on recognized federal holidays.
Service is provided throughout metropolitan Youngstown via fifteen fixed routes.
Service King Collision Repair is a national automotive collision repair company.
Sesamin is a lignan isolated from the bark of Fagara plants and from sesame oil.
Set List is a greatest hits album by Canadian country music artist Duane Steele.
Settlebeck School is a small coeducational secondary school with academy status.
Settlement is executed in cash and there is no delivery of the underlying asset.
Settur is a village in Anantapur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Seubersdorf is a municipality in the district of Neumarkt in Bavaria in Germany.
Seven century old temple of Lord Sree Mahaganapathi is situated at Vazhuthacaud.
Seventh Art Releasing is an American entertainment company and film distributor.
Several buildings in the grounds of the school are listed with Historic England.
Several consulting companies provide advice regarding KM to these organizations.
Several editions of the sculptures have sold at auction for millions of dollars.
Several European rivers and settlements have names that may come from that root.
Several members of the Duke Ellington Orchestra accompany Sherrill on the album.
Several new designs and backgrounds had to be created for the wilderness scenes.
Several of his works were awarded "Audio Best of the Year" by Publishers Weekly.
Several of their music videos were produced in cooperation with Visual Infinity.
Several of these schools were previously in what was known as the Sierra League.
Several other countries have diplomatic missions accredited from other capitals.
Several other inscribed stones from Sunda Kingdom also located in this location.
Several other local groups later merged with it to form a national organization.
Several other seminal British blues and rhythm and blues acts also played there.
Several other variations of the church have built or attempted to build temples.
Several people even claim to have seen Elvis after he was supposed to have died.
Several popular Croatian musicians have incorporated some Ganga into their work.
Several tracks on the album were produced by Andy Gill of the band Gang of Four.
Severely addicted gamblers spend most of their energy following their addiction.
Severe side effects include an increased risk of heart disease and osteoporosis.
Sexual Democracia is among the commercially most successful bands from Valdivia.
Shackle was a baseline player and her game was based on accuracy and steadiness.
Shadows is the second in an extended play series The Wonderlands by Jon Foreman.
Shafera is a genus of plants in the groundsel tribe within the sunflower family.
Shahapur taluka is a taluka in Thane district of Maharashtra in Konkan division.
Shahram Nazeri has sung several verses of the Kurdish Shahnameh in Avaze Asatir.
Shahr Rey is the oldest part of Tehran with beautiful sights and ancient places.
Shaik Mastan Vali is an Indian politician belonging to Indian National Congress.
Shailendra Mohan Singhal is a leader of Bharatiya Janata Party from Uttarakhand.
Shakespeare Cliff Halt is a private halt station on the South Eastern Main Line.
Shallow Life is the fifth studio album by Italian gothic metal band Lacuna Coil.
Shams Charania is an American sports reporter for Yahoo Sports covering the NBA.
Shane Battier serves as Tech Editor and reviews products online for hoopmag.com.
Shankarpalli is a town in Ranga Reddy district of the Indian state of Telangana.
Shannon City is a city in Union and Ringgold counties in the U.S. state of Iowa.
Shannon was accidentally shot by Ana Lucia Cortez who mistakes her for an Other.
Shapiro has also served as CEO and Executive Producer of Dick Clark Productions.
Shapkino is a village in the Muchkapsky District of the Tambov region of Russia.
Sharkham Point is a headland located close to the Devon fishing town of Brixham.
Sharma also started a monthly Hindi language newspaper called the Vedic Sandesh.
Sharma served as general secretary of the Rishikul Brahmacharyashram in Hardwar.
Sharon Stone stars as an American reporter who searches for her missing brother.
Sharonville is a city in Butler and Hamilton counties in the U.S. state of Ohio.
Shatner plays a prominent role in the film and also acted as Executive Producer.
Shaver and Monique Portillo exited the room where the weapon was allegedly seen.
Shaver was instructed to push himself up to his knees and keep his legs crossed.
Shaving soap is a hard soap that is whipped into a lather using a shaving brush.
Shazz is one of the first artists signed to the label Fnac Music Dance Division.
She acted in the super hit Malayalam film Hallo with South Indian star Mohanlal.
She also appeared in Big Brother Germany and the comedy show Freitag Nacht News.
She also contributed to the Handbook of the Linguistic Geography of New England.
She also designed dresses on display at the Gerald R. Ford Presidential Library.
She also held a faculty fellowship at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
She also previously worked at NASA and at the University of California Berkeley.
She also produced a design for the Amherst Street station of Buffalo Metro Rail.
She also published a number of romance novels using the pseudonym Margaret Howe.
She also sang for Eleanor Roosevelt and on the New York City radio station WMCA.
She also starred in the reality television series The Real Housewives of Athens.
She also studied at the American Conservatory Theater Advanced Training Program.
She also tells stories and interviews the people from the areas of their origin.
She also was one of the hosts of the Upright Citizens Brigade show Variety SHAC.
She also won the bronze medal in the mixed doubles at both of those tournaments.
She also worked in television at Corus Entertainment for both W network and CMT.
She also works in television and directed the pilot episode of Sex and the City.
She also wrote many other Sanskrit works such as Kumarasambhavam and Naishadham.
She alternates between playing in the forwards and defense for her club Cappagh.
She and her husband are the founding editors of annual arts journal High Ground.
She appeared as judge on the ninth season of the Danish Version of The X Factor.
She appeared in a recurring role as Violet in Disney Channel series A.N.T. Farm.
She arrived off Luzon five days later and commenced an early morning air attack.
She aspires to become a flight attendant and to open and run her own restaurant.
She attended McGill University and the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art.
Shea went on to write several action novels based in exotic historical settings.
Sheba Karim is an American author who writes literature and young adult fiction.
She became an actress and appeared in a number of films and television programs.
She became the first woman to be elected senator of the state of Santa Catarina.
She became the youngest actress to be nominated for a Screen Actors Guild Award.
She becomes the fifth superhero to use the name Steel when her uncle is injured.
Shebeens are most often located in townships as an alternative to pubs and bars.
She began her career as a traditional beadworker before turning to modern forms.
She began her professional wrestling career as a part of the Nitro Girls in WCW.
She calls out to the animals of the forest to care for her three remaining eggs.
She claims to be legally blind in one eye due to so many years cutting negative.
She competed internationally in freestyle and individual medley swimming events.
She competes as a wheelchair curler and competed as a sitting volleyball player.
She completed her undergraduate and graduate work at Tulane and received her Ph.
She continued her studies with Sharon Isbin at the Juilliard School in New York.
She continues touring with her family entertainment comedy show all over Sweden.
She covers the eggs with masticated plant tissue to protect them from predators.
She currently skips her team out of the Yellowknife Curling Club in Yellowknife.
She currently stars as Nina Clay on the ABC daytime soap opera General Hospital.
She currently teaches ethnology and modern history at the University of Trieste.
She currently teaches fiction writing at the California Institute of Technology.
She currently teaches sculpture and digital media at the University of Waterloo.
She currently works for Perspectum Diagnostics as a Population Health Scientist.
She decided to take Simmons advice and began her acting career in New York City.
She describes her main inspiration to become involved with science as Star Trek.
She did her secondary school education at Roma Girls Secondary School in Lusaka.
She did not allow her surgeon to alter any of her Waardenburg syndrome features.
She did not want to talk about the rescue for fear of being sent back to Russia.
She earned a BA in clothing and textiles from Whitman College and then a B.Arch.
Sheek Island was occupied primarily by family farms and recreational properties.
She eventually chose to pursue a pop career and toured with the Backstreet Boys.
She exercised her rights and privileges as feudal overlord of the Isle of Wight.
She foresaw a military demand for people with skills in wireless communications.
She fought alongside Lydia Litvyak and was credited with three aerial victories.
She gives sari draping lessons and workshops and drapes saris for formal events.
She graduated from Oklahoma State University with a fine arts degree in theater.
She graduated in architecture from Cambridge University and Columbia University.
She had also previously been appointed to the Ontario Superior Court of Justice.
She had a recurring role on the French television series Une famille formidable.
She had contended that the editor had misrepresented Chic as a fashion magazine.
She had judged a singing reality show on Zee TV named Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Lil Champs.
She had previously employed as game development manager for New Zealand Cricket.
She had previously worked as script supervisor on The Town That Dreaded Sundown.
She had served before that as a member of the board from the Annandale district.
She has a degree from the University of Toronto in music theory and composition.
She has also been featured in Car Craft Magazine and several other publications.
She has also played for the Canberra Nationals in the Waratah Basketball League.
She has also played the female lead role of Teni in Dil Se Dil Tak on Colors TV.
She has also served as a public presenter at the Hayden Planetarium in New York.
She has also served as director of the Kwara State Council for Arts and Culture.
She has also taken part in movies like La sal de la vida and Muchacho solitario.
She has also taught for the International Institute of Performing Arts in Paris.
She has also won at the Xiamen International Marathon and the Istanbul Marathon.
She has also worked for the EU Commission in the External Relations Directorate.
She has also worked on several public art commissions and as an arts consultant.
She has also worked on the Silver Street radio program on the BBC Asian Network.
She has also written books and articles on wage issues and community organizing.
She has an acting diploma from the National Institute of Dramatic Art in Sydney.
She has appeared in stage roles with the Abbey Theater and the National Theater.
She has attracted attention for her dark skin color and is popular on Instagram.
She has been a fellow at Yaddo and at the Virginia Center for the Creative Arts.
She has been a professor at the Bar Admission Course and is a frequent lecturer.
She has been denied entry into Israel for security reasons on several occasions.
She has been known as one of the most successful and powerful singers in Turkey.
She has been nominated for one Primetime Emmy Award and two Daytime Emmy Awards.
She has been nominated for the Edinburgh Comedy Award for Best Show three times.
She has competed in all five alpine disciplines and specializes in giant slalom.
She has filed two patents along with her colleague and mentor Douglas Engelbart.
She has fought in MMA promotions Strikeforce and Invicta Fighting Championships.
She has hosted several shows in Malayalam television before foraying into films.
She has lived in Glasgow and London and now lives in Edinburgh with her partner.
She has not held elected office since and is now retired in the Cincinnati area.
She has received honorary degrees from New England College and Hamilton College.
She has received several state level awards and a host of national level awards.
She has served as the President of the International Congress on Infant Studies.
She has since been performing as a solo artist and has released several singles.
She has won a silver and bronze medal at the World Para Athletics Championships.
She has worked in films like Vallavanukku Pullum Aayudham and Inimey Ippadithan.
She has written the completed Daughters of the Moon and Sons of the Dark series.
She holds a doctorate in literature and criticism from the University of Jordan.
She holds a PhD in Public Administration and a masters degree in Social Science.
She hoped that viewers would be inspired by the spirituality of the documentary.
She inherited substantial property from him at Steeple Ashton and Middle Barton.
She is a bounty hunter with a mutation that gives her a vampiric lust for blood.
She is a classical dancer and learned Bharatnatyam for seven years in Ahmedabad.
She is active as a faculty leader on both the SF State and CSU Academic Senates.
She is a currently a member of the Yale Cancer Center and Yale Stem Cell Center.
She is a former president of the National Forum for Black Public Administrators.
She is a former whitewater kayak racer and instructor and whitewater raft guide.
She is also a featured guest on radio and television shows in the United States.
She is also a former Chairwoman of the New York State Racing and Wagering Board.
She is also a member of the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Foreign Affairs.
She is also a member of the softball team at the University of British Columbia.
She is also a mentor with the Asian Law Students Society at Victoria University.
She is also considered one of the most important personalities of Spanish sport.
She is also director of Native American film studies at Comanche Nation College.
She is also the editor of The Concise Oxford Dictionary of The Christian Church.
She is also the founder and creative lead of African fashion brand JVK Clothing.
She is also the founder and director of the Institute of Mathematical Geography.
She is also the lead female singer for a musical ensemble called Tribeca Rhythm.
She is a member of the GOAT KUSD team and is a great influence to underclassmen.
She is a member of the Mendelssohn Piano Trio and the Razumovsky String Quartet.
She is a member of the official panel of directors and producers at Doordarshan.
She is an acid attack survivor and speaks for the rights of acid attack victims.
She is an advocate for improving transparency into charges of police misconduct.
She is a national champion and a former world champion in the lightweight class.
She is an honorary consultant in Public Health medicine for Public Health Wales.
She is approached by a Scottish agent to recover an atomic triggering mechanism.
She is a professor emerita at the Simon Fraser University School of Criminology.
She is a research associate of Political Sciences at the University of Pretoria.
She is a second generation Shona art sculptor that works with stone as a medium.
She is associated with Blogswara and have sung in multiple albums in the series.
She is a student at the University of Oxford and her work aims to empower women.
She is a trained stunt driver and the current host of Sexy Road Test at Ripe TV.
She is a vice president of the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.
She is believed by her followers to be a living expression of the Divine Mother.
She is best known as a Republican grassroots organizer for Central Pennsylvania.
She is best known as the author of The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants series.
She is best known as the vocalist for the alternative rock band Letters to Cleo.
She is best known for her Magic Apostrophe series of fantasy books for children.
She is best known for her recurring role as reporter Ashley Davidson on Scandal.
She is best known for her role as Ambalika in the Historical TV show Mahabharat.
She is best known for her role as Casey Austin on the PBS Kids show Ghostwriter.
She is best known for her role as Fiz Brown in the soap opera Coronation Street.
She is best known for her role as Lacey Fleming on the ABC series Body of Proof.
She is best known for her role as Meadow Soprano on the HBO series The Sopranos.
She is best known for large scale oil paintings of the ongoing conflict in Iraq.
She is best known for playing Ana Graziani in the El Trece telenovela Farsantes.
She is best known for playing Laura in the Italian TV series Le tre rose di eva.
She is best known for playing the title role in The Duchess of Malfi at the RSC.
She is best known for portraying the role of Melanie Jonas on Days of Our Lives.
She is better known to the public through her efforts in outreach and education.
She is considered as one of the three rare gems in the history of Mysore queens.
She is credited with introducing maternity leave in the Australian army service.
She is currently a doctoral student at Stanford University studying composition.
She is currently an Assistant Professor at the University of Washington Bothell.
She is currently a Postdoctoral Fellow at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory.
She is currently contributing editor at RWD Magazine and urban editor at Mixmag.
She is currently Professor of Pathology and Cell Biology at Columbia University.
She is currently running for the leadership of the governing Saskatchewan Party.
She is currently teaching humanities in the University of Santo Tomas in Manila.
She is currently working on her third novel and an acoustic album for Sugar Rat.
She is Editor at Large at Union Books and was the first female editor of Granta.
She is especially well known for her roles as the distant and ambivalent blonde.
She is Executive Vice President and Chief Culture Officer of EF Education First.
She is featured daily on the Filipino TV Channel where she stars in soap operas.
She is frequently asked to comment publicly on issues of feminism and diversity.
She is known as a leader in soil microbiology and research of the soil food web.
She is known as an androgynous model for modeling both male and female clothing.
She is known for books such as Stepping On The Cracks and Wait Till Helen Comes.
She is known for her work on multiprotein complexes involved in gene expression.
She is known for playing small roles in films like Public Enemies and Contagion.
She is married to fellow musician/songwriter Ari Shine and lives in Los Angeles.
She is married to former federal prosecutor and trial attorney Robert S. Brewer.
She is married to Rabbi Matthew Berkowitz and graduated from Harvard University.
She is more popularly known as a social media influencer and as a fashion model.
She is notoriously known for her support to the Labor Party in her home country.
She is now Vice President of the Commonwealth Campuses at Penn State University.
She is of Gumbaynggirr and Dungutti descent and has traditional land at Corindi.
She is one of the few folk singers to have been nominated for the Mercury Prize.
She is one of the few triathletes in the world to have won two ITU world titles.
She is one of the foremost heirloom plant conservationists in the United States.
She is primarily known for her novels The Long Walk Home and The Taj Conspiracy.
She is professor emerita in the School of Social Sciences at Cardiff University.
She is Professor of Criminology at the Faculty of Law of the University of Oslo.
She is regarded to be one of the greatest female water skiers of her generation.
She is sometimes credited in film or television as simply with a mononym Sicily.
She is still the youngest Indian American to ever serve in state elected office.
She is the Clarence Irving Lewis Professor of Philosophy at Stanford University.
She is the cousin of filmmaker Jason Paul Collum and is often cast in his films.
She is the current CEO of Pacific Trade International and Chesapeake Bay Candle.
She is the current State Minister for Gender and Culture in the Ugandan Cabinet.
She is the daughter of director Mukesh Gautam and sister of actress Yami Gautam.
She is the daughter of Kerry Von Erich and the granddaughter of Fritz Von Erich.
She is the daughter of Staffan and Marianne Scheja and sister of Leonard Scheja.
She is the daughter of the actress Linden Travers and the niece of Bill Travers.
She is the daughter of the poet Allen Grossman and the novelist Judith Grossman.
She is the eighth vessel of the French Navy named after the privateer Jean Bart.
She is the executive director of the National Food and Drug Authority in Uganda.
She is the first female senator to serve in the Northern Mariana Islands Senate.
She is the first Indonesian to be named an ambassador of the World Food Program.
She is the first living human and woman to be featured on a state license plate.
She is the first woman to become an archbishop in the Anglican Church of Canada.
She is the founder and director of Kanizmakeup and Kanizmakeup Training Academy.
She is the fourth US Navy ship to be named for the Territory or State of Alaska.
She is the Grace Murray Hopper Professor of Computer Science at Yale University.
She is the Minister for Kampala Capital City Authority in the Cabinet of Uganda.
She is the mother of Montana Superintendent of Public Instruction Denise Juneau.
She is the only person to be a fellow of the three National Academies in Canada.
She is the Professor of Anthropology of the Body at the University of Amsterdam.
She is the second child of Hakim Mazhar Mohd Johar and Fauziah Abdullah Mansoor.
She is the sister of actor Clark Johnson and rock and jazz singer Molly Johnson.
She is Visiting Professor of Medieval Literature at the University of Leicester.
She jumps in after the child into the river and then returns to haunt the place.
She kept her promise to serve no more than three terms in the state legislature.
Shekhar Sahu is an Indian politician and member of the Indian National Congress.
She later worked at the Canadian Mission to the United Nations in New York City.
She Lay Gutted is the second studio album by American death metal band Disgorge.
Shelby is a city in Pottawattamie and Shelby counties in the U.S. state of Iowa.
She learned classical from her guru shree Divyang thakkar from very young age...
She made her musical debut with the worldwide smash pop group C+C Music Factory.
She made several recordings for the Deutsche Grammophon and Odeon record labels.
She may have been the first black teacher for the Toronto District School Board.
She most recently appeared in Legally Blonde The Musical as Vivienne Kensington.
She most recently served as an associate justice of the Minnesota Supreme Court.
She moved to the Netherlands at the age of nine where she grew up in Maastricht.
She moved to Vancouver and began writing before resettling on the Georgia coast.
Shenanigans is the debut extended play by the American punk rock band Squirtgun.
Shenanigans is the third compilation album by American punk rock band Green Day.
Shenbagavalli Dam is a check dam built across the Shenbagavalli River at Kerala.
Sheng is currently a doctoral PhD candidate in Sociology at Stanford University.
She now advocates for transgender kids and has won numerous awards for her work.
She performs worldwide and prefers spreading the Sufi word by her vocals abroad.
She played college basketball in the United States at the University at Buffalo.
She played every match in her debut season to finish with seven matches overall.
She played the remainder of the season to finish with four matches for the year.
She plays Emma on the Canadian series which is currently being broadcast by YTV.
She plays for the club Cercle Dijon Bourgogne and on the Tunisian national team.
She plays for the club HB Octeville and is member of the DR Congo national team.
She plays for the club TV Nellingen and is member of the DR Congo national team.
She portrayed the role of Jade Michaels on the NBC soap opera Days of Our Lives.
She presents The Guardian podcast Tech Weekly and contributes to guardian.co.uk.
She protects gravestones in cemeteries if they are properly marked with a cross.
She ran as a slate of candidates calling themselves Smoother Road Ahead for GMF.
She received acclaim in the Hindi film industry only after the release of Koyla.
She received her masters degree in Film and Television from New York University.
She received her MFA in Directing from the American Film Institute Conservatory.
She received honorary degrees from New York University and Creighton University.
She received most of the awards for her performance in the film Sri Rama Rajyam.
She recently played the forward position for the Washington Mystics in the WNBA.
She represented France internationally in team competitions and in the Olympics.
She represented her country at one outdoor and three indoor World Championships.
She represented Rockingham County in the New Hampshire House of Representatives.
She represents the district of Labrador as a member of the Liberal Party caucus.
She returned to America to do second round dates in major markets like New York.
Sheridan is the debut studio album by English singer and actress Sheridan Smith.
Sheringa is a coastal locality in South Australia on the Great Australian Bight.
She rose to fame by becoming the winner of the second generation of La Academia.
She rose to prominence after she portrayed Foxface in the film The Hunger Games.
Sherriff was previously a councilor in Pontefract on Wakefield District Council.
She sang as the face of Deepika Padukone in Raabta for the title track "Raabta".
She served as regent of Naxos during the minority of her son Giacomo III Crispo.
She served briefly in the West Indies where she captured numerous small vessels.
She served during the war and its demilitarization as a commercial cargo vessel.
She served for only a short period of time before being captured by the British.
She served in both the Atlantic Ocean and the Pacific Ocean during World War II.
She serves as the lead vocalist and guitarist of the indie rock band Wolf Alice.
She showed that DNA is driven into the A form when under dehydrating conditions.
She sings mostly in her native language Runyankole and then Luganda and English.
She skipped the rink for two games when Van Osch had to sit out with an illness.
She starred in the role of Madame Morrible in the first national tour of Wicked.
She started writing her own songs and released several further singles on Chess.
She stated to Kent that women on the ships were pressured into having abortions.
She studied at the Art Academy of Cincinnati and she specialized in still lifes.
She studied law at McGill University before being admitted to the Bar of Quebec.
She taught for over fifty years and was still teaching at the time of her death.
She then became the first African American individual to head a Harvard faculty.
She then began working at Marie Claire magazine while also doing freelance work.
She then wrote a memorandum to the applicant who approved her official document.
She took part in the Battle of Valcour Island that delayed the British invasion.
She touched at Marseilles and took on board troops destined for the Philippines.
She was a descendant of the Puar dynasty of the Marathas that ruled Dewas State.
She was a head writer and executive producer for the sitcom Rules of Engagement.
She was also at one time President of the Women Lawyers Association of Thailand.
She was also the first returning artist in the history of the Junior Eurovision.
She was also the frontwoman of Norwegian doom/gothic metal band Octavia Sperati.
She was appointed to fill the unexpired term of fellow Republican Jane Dee Hull.
She was a prominent figure in Swadeshi movement and Civil disobedience movement.
She was a special guest at the Miss USA pageant several times through the years.
She was assigned to the Mediterranean Fleet until the beginning of World War II.
She was awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Science by the University of Greenwich.
She was awarded two battle stars for service in the Pacific during World War II.
She was best known for the English lyrics to the widely recorded song "Granada".
She was born into the family of an Egba farmer who was also a chief in Abeokuta.
She was born in Wagna and studied German literature at the University of Vienna.
She was commonly referred to as "Mrs. Barnes" by affiliates in her spy networks.
She was constructed on the River Clyde in Glasgow by Alexander Stephen and Sons.
She was first spotted by a Playboy scout at a swimsuit competition in St. Croix.
She was for many years an elementary teacher with Fairfax County Public Schools.
She was implicated in the deaths of several patients at a Texas dialysis center.
She was later the director of Auckland University Press for more than ten years.
She was Leader of Opposition Business in the Shadow Ministry of Campbell Newman.
She was married to Alvin Reece who also worked as a civil engineer for Caltrans.
She was married to a Russian ballet dancer and has one daughter and one stepson.
She was married to former cast member Shane Connor and together they have twins.
She was married to the late American experimental cellist and composer Tom Cora.
She was modified whilst under construction into an aircraft maintenance carrier.
She was moved off of the case prior to being able to complete the investigation.
She was much interested in the Gaelic League but later became alienated from it.
She was nominated for a Screen Actors Guild Award for her role in Picket Fences.
She was nominated for a Writers Guild of America Award for her work on Homicide.
She was one of the first female fire officers in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
She was one of the first people to introduce feminist concerns in to philosophy.
She was one of the smallest operational submarines ever built for the U.S. Navy.
She was portrayed by Jeannie Linero in The Godfather and The Godfather Part III.
She was portrayed by Katharine Isabelle and serves as the antihero of the films.
She was previously a judge of the Land and Environment Court of New South Wales.
She was previously the Director of Education and Residency Training at Maryland.
She was referred to affectionately as "The Rhody" by residents of Vashon Island.
She was reputed to be the mistress of Napoleon during his exile on Saint Helena.
She was the first commercial vessel on the lakes to use this form of propulsion.
She was the first female ever nominated in the history of the L.A. Music Awards.
She was the first ship of the United States Navy to be named for the archerfish.
She was the first titleholder from Pennsylvania to win the national competition.
She was the first woman from Odisha to have a license to fly a private aircraft.
She was the first woman to be elected Senator in Cleveland and McClain counties.
She was the first woman to serve as speaker of the house in Antigua and Barbuda.
She was then used on patrol in the Arabian Sea guarding the west coast of India.
She was the second US Navy ship named for Admiral Cornelius Kincheloe Stribling.
She was the subject of some controversy and was eventually recalled from office.
She was the third skier to finish in the Super G race and the Giant Slalom Race.
She went on to getting certified as a nutritionist and weight management expert.
She went on to work in corporate America prior to pursuing a career as a writer.
She went to high school in Ecuador and attended university in the United States.
She withdrew during her second week of the competition due to altitude sickness.
She worked as a performer and teacher before becoming a freelance choreographer.
She worked as a presenter and reporter for Channel Television and then ITV West.
She worked as the China editor in Hong Kong for the Far Eastern Economic Review.
She works as assistant professor of Communal sciences in the University of Oulu.
She works to introduce and maintain high quality water systems in rural regions.
She writes and researches about human rights and their effect on foreign policy.
She wrote an article in The Daily Mail about her experiences in making the film.
She wrote it to express the traumatic loss of her home and most of her material.
She wrote the New York Times bestsellers Crazy Sexy Diet and Crazy Sexy Kitchen.
Shifting is often motivated by the relative weight of the constituents involved.
Shingebis decided that he would not trouble himself to fly south for the winter.
Shipman is now recognized as one of the most prolific serial killers in history.
Ships known to have transported people to the settlement included the Calliance.
Shiren the Wanderer is a roguelike video game developed by Chunsoft for the Wii.
Shirley remains the only British Virgin Islander to have a ground named for him.
Shobdon Court was rectangular in plan and sat in parkland on the side of a hill.
Shocking gum is a practical joke device that delivers a harmless electric shock.
Shongaloo has a civic center for town council meetings as well as general usage.
Shortfoot Creek is a stream in the U.S. states of North Dakota and South Dakota.
Shortly afterwards a large part of the tax department at Mannesmann also joined.
Shortly thereafter the British decided to prohibit Jewish residence at the site.
Short Sunderland and Consolidated Catalina aircraft types were regular visitors.
Showgirl Homecoming Live is a live album by Australian pop singer Kylie Minogue.
Shriki is also known as video artist with regular exhibition in Saatchi Gallery.
Shrimp that fall in this category often belong to the suborder Dendrobranchiata.
Shrines dedicated to Nabi Shuaib are common throughout the Greater Syria region.
Shumaker played baseball while attending college at Cardinal Stritch University.
Shutter Release is the second studio album by the electronic band Lymbyc Systym.
Shuttlewood is a former colliery village and thus has a lengthy mining heritage.
Shuxiang Temple is one of the National Key Buddhist Temples in Han Chinese Area.
Sibbertoft is part of a united Benefice along with Marston Trussell and Welford.
Sicamugil is a genus of mugilid mullets found in rivers of South Asia and Burma.
Sichuan Mongols are officially counted among the Mongolian nationality in China.
Side effects of algestone acetophenide are similar to those of other progestins.
Siderone is a Neotropical nymphalid butterfly genus in the subfamily Charaxinae.
Siderophilic bacteria are bacteria that require or are facilitated by free iron.
Sierritasuchus is an extinct genus of aetosaur in the subfamily Desmatosuchinae.
Sigmodontomys is a genus of rodent in the tribe Oryzomyini of family Cricetidae.
Signage on roadways crossing the river acknowledge it as the "South Fork River".
Signatures Restaurant is the Washington D.C. restaurant opened by Jack Abramoff.
Signed Sealed Delivered is the fifth studio album by English singer Craig David.
Significant numbers of US troops were stationed in Brisbane during World War II.
Signs are posted on the island clearly indicating the permitted dates of access.
Signs posted along the walkways interpret the ruins and the history of the area.
SIGSAM is the ACM Special Interest Group on Symbolic and Algebraic Manipulation.
Silapathikaram mentions that the famous Chera King Senguttuvan ruled from Karur.
Silica sol method costs more but has the better surface than water glass method.
Silkworms were unlikely to have been domestically bred before the Neolithic age.
Silky Sullivan finished twelfth in the Derby and eighth in the Preakness Stakes.
Sillapata District is one of nine districts of the province Dos de Mayo in Peru.
Silver Ladders is an orchestral composition by the American composer Joan Tower.
Simbo/Kolombangara constituency split into Gizo/Kolombangara and Ranongga/Simbo.
Simhalan is a performer and choreographer based in the United Kingdom and India.
Simi Chaddha of the United States was crowned as winner at the end of the event.
Similar designs exist as historical artifacts in certain Commonwealth countries.
Similar domains have been detected in other extracellular and membrane proteins.
Similar legislation was also passed in most of the other Commonwealth countries.
Similar lines of fluorescent dyes provide an alternative to the FluoProbes Dyes.
Similarly a member talking of their own house would refer to it as "this place".
Similarly to Fog computing or Edge computing critical focus remains at the edge.
Similar structures have been predicted in other arteriviruses and coronaviruses.
SIM locking is very common if subsidized phones are sold with prepaid contracts.
Simon Lumsden is senior lecturer in philosophy at University of New South Wales.
Simple digital signals represent information in discrete bands of analog levels.
Simple Groupware is free software released under the GNU General Public License.
Sinais de Vida is a Portuguese medical drama television series broadcast by RTP.
Since German reunification it has been used for exhibitions and cultural events.
Since her retirement from the state legislature Wilson has worked as a lobbyist.
Since his retirement he has been titled "Professor Emeritus" by Trinity College.
Since his retirement Van Riper has served on several advisory boards and panels.
Since it has been open sourced the name changed to Remote Component Environment.
Since its inception Ionian has expanded its isothermal amplification technology.
Since leaving Arrested Development he released a new song called "Pension Plan".
Since retiring as a player Bryce has been a manager in Scottish Junior football.
Since retiring from the racecourse she has had some success as a dam of winners.
Since that time it has been the main local newspaper for the City of Parramatta.
Since the fourteenth century they had a close personal relationship with papacy.
Since then ConflictNet went out of existence and LaborNet left the IGC Networks.
Since then he has also played for the Tennessee Titans and the Seattle Seahawks.
Since then he has pursued research related to other neurodegnerative diseases. .
Since then he has won two Leinster medals and one National Hurling League medal.
Since then Rolf has specialized in German and international film and television.
Since then their songs have often been credited as "ROUND TABLE featuring Nino".
Singapore School Bandung uses the Singapore Curriculum and uses British English.
Singapur is a census town in Adilabad district in the Indian state of Telangana.
Singer Chloe Alper described the album as "a kind of warm up to The Dark Third".
Singles from the album include "Fine Tune da Mic" and "Certs wid Out da Retsyn".
Singleton Walthall Allen was also nephew of Georgia State Senator Beverly Allen.
Singrauli district is one of the districts in the India state of Madhya Pradesh.
Sins of the Flesh is the debut album by industrial rock band Sister Machine Gun.
Siphlonurus is a genus of primitive minnow mayflies in the family Siphlonuridae.
Sir Andrew Morris is the chief executive of Frimley Health NHS Foundation Trust.
Sir Henry Montgomery Lawrence was the elder brother of the first Baron Lawrence.
Siripuram is a village in Guntur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Sir Purr is the mascot of the Carolina Panthers of the National Football League.
Sirris is an important collaborative center for the Belgian technology industry.
Sirsi is a city in the Uttara Kannada district in the Indian state of Karnataka.
Sir William Howard Hearst was in attendance among other prominent local figures.
Sister is the fourth studio album by American alternative rock band Sonic Youth.
Six Allied aircraft crashed while undertaking the strafing and bombing practice.
S. Joseph SC appeared for the applicants and A. Kemack for the first respondent.
Skaha Bluffs lies within the asserted territory of the Okanagan Nation Alliance.
Skeet is one of the three major disciplines of competitive clay pigeon shooting.
Skeptics Apocalypse is the debut album from the US speed metal band Agent Steel.
Skill chaining is a skill discovery method in continuous reinforcement learning.
Skin the Living is the first demo/album by American death metal band Jungle Rot.
Skryne and Trim were the only clubs to have operated at senior level for longer.
Skryne have never been relegated from Senior level in the football championship.
Sky Italia is an Italian digital satellite television platform owned by Sky plc.
SKY Movies Classics is a movie channel in New Zealand owned and operated by SKY.
Slade is the great nephew of former Portsmouth F.C. footballer Geoff Williamson.
Slam is the third and final studio album from Boston indie rock band Big Dipper.
Slapping or smacking refers to striking a person with the open palm of the hand.
Slatter has a Master of Public Administration from the University of Washington.
Slaves were always relegated to the rear or a mezzanine gallery in the building.
Sleepbox is a brand offering a bed and associated facilities in a limited space.
Sleep deprivation is simply a condition of having an inadequate amount of sleep.
Slight Delay is the second album from Australian singer/songwriter Loene Carmen.
Sloane has been nominated for several awards for his portrayal of the character.
Slow Revival is the seventh album by contemporary Christian artist Bryan Duncan.
Slow Talkers of America is the title of a classic comedy routine by Bob and Ray.
SLR methods remain a useful learning step in college classes on compiler theory.
Small Brawl is the sixth installment in the Twisted Metal series of video games.
Small dogs and dogs with thin pelage often need protection from extreme weather.
Small footbridges can also be used for a technical effect in ornamental gardens.
Small Japanese communities were formed in the Bolivian department of Santa Cruz.
Small populations have also been found in western Illinois and eastern Oklahoma.
Smash Bros. is a series of crossover fighting video games published by Nintendo.
Smash Pack is a series of game compilations featuring mostly Sega Genesis games.
SM City San Fernando is a shopping mall owned and operated by SM Prime Holdings.
Smell recording refers to recording odors in a way similar to sounds and images.
SME One Asia Awards is an event that is organized by The APF Group in Singapore.
Smithfield High School is the only public high school in the Town of Smithfield.
Smith Hill is sometimes used as a metonym for the Rhode Island General Assembly.
Smith led workshops and mentored artists such as Cameron Bird and Karen Hershey.
Smoke compositions are used as obscurants or for generation of signaling smokes.
Smyth had a company email account that he was able to access from work and home.
S. Nagarathanamma was an Indian politician from the southern state of Karnataka.
Snap polls by YouGov and ICM suggested that Farage performed best in the debate.
Snell felt the best development model was having teams made up of "like" talent.
Snowflake is a small community in the Rural Municipality of Pembina in Manitoba.
SNS is a learned society and promotes research into all branches of numismatics.
So Alive is the debut EP by Christian electronic dance music band Capital Kings.
Sobeknakht I was an Ancient Egyptian official of the Second Intermediate Period.
Soccer activities at the Sportsplex include the Eclipse Select Super Rec League.
Social and political considerations often are also important in setting tariffs.
Social position is the position of an individual in a given society and culture.
Social workers use education as a key tool in client and community interactions.
So far all his illustrations have been connected to books in one way or another.
So Far... is a compilation album by American country music group Zac Brown Band.
So far she has been the only ship of the Royal Navy to bear the name Trespasser.
So far she has been the only ship of the Royal Navy to bear the name Unswerving.
Sofitel Buenos Aires is a five star hotel in the Retiro section of Buenos Aires.
Software inspections and software walkthroughs are also used in the latter case.
Software patents are being filed for techniques used in and developed for Daala.
Software programs that read and write the RecipeML format include Largo Recipes.
Software vision mixers are generally less expensive than hardware vision mixers.
Sognaayili is a community in Sagnarigu District in the Northern Region of Ghana.
So have done the nine states of the Austrian federation and some municipalities.
So it did a lot less income than the movie deserved and than producers expected.
Solar power in South Dakota has high potential but little practical application.
Soldier Field has hosted a great variety and quantity of events since it opened.
Solhjem is the first ordained Assemblies of God minister to attain the position.
Solo is the musical outfit of Dutch musicians Michiel Flamman and Simon Gitsels.
Solomon H. Steckoll was a journalist with an interest in ancient Jewish matters.
Solon Township is a civil township of Kent County in the U.S. state of Michigan.
Somaliland is currently disputed with Somalia and cities status may be disputed.
Somalis in Italy are citizens and residents of Italy who are of Somali ancestry.
Somalis in South Africa are residents of South Africa who are of Somali descent.
Some also sell propane or butane and have added shops to their primary business.
Some amount of interpretation is often necessary when a case involves a statute.
Some analysts expect that shale gas will greatly expand worldwide energy supply.
Some apple corers consist of a handle with a circular cutting device at the end.
Some argued it ranked among the top Super Bowl halftime performances in history.
Some authorities regard this group as part of the larger genus Schismatoglottis.
Some chess variants are used only in problem composition and not in actual play.
Some classrooms also have internet connectivity for effective teaching purposes.
Some counties adopted the flag of the defunct municipal or district governments.
Some countries have requirements concerning the accessibility of public toilets.
Some CSRs are Formula Atlantic cars converted by adding bodywork to the chassis.
Some definitions include that the individual must intend to harm another person.
Some devotees also perform a prostration march as they head for the river banks.
Some European officers there were strongly advised a forward movement on Tiflis.
Some filesystems may perform the necessary operations if the program terminates.
Some girls are also forced into prostitution in bars frequented by crew members.
Some have water and many are designated on state maps with a small picnic table.
Some houses had a clerestory that would improve the ventilation in the interior.
Some hydration packs are insulated to keep water from freezing or becoming warm.
Some images have additional forms and are in a section known as the "Picklejar".
Some individuals are designated as technical communicators or technical writers.
Some instruments such as the marimba have an individual resonator for each note.
Some kinds of walking stick may be used by people with disabilities as a crutch.
Some manufacturers enable their version of the VIVO port to also transfer sound.
Some members of the band had also worked with Ras Michael and the Sons of Negus.
Some members of the group are capable of causing injury or even death to humans.
Some members were reappointed to the Legislative Council of the united Province.
Some models assume a special form such as a linear regression or neural network.
Some modern recipes have replaced the majority of the offal with other proteins.
Some of his archeological work has included excavations at Bersheh and Saqqara .
Some of its lands are affected by plans to build the proposed Pickering Airport.
Some of its songs have been sampled frequently by hip hop artists and producers.
Some of the candidates were also sponsored by the Scottish Socialist Federation.
Some of the children have also had developmental delays and behavioral problems.
Some of the critics have even listed the song on their best lists and top lists.
Some of the dances are secular while others are presented in religious contexts.
Some of the Fayum mummy portraits are also painted on panels made of cartonnage.
Some of their works formed the basis of the hit Australian TV series Underbelly.
Some of them are players from Asia who came to promote the game of go in Europe.
Some of the neighborhood situations that the movie portrays are factually based.
Some of the notational quirks in his work also suggest a connection with France.
Some of the same tools may be used in several different varieties of needlework.
Some of these books have been used as sources for writing the history of Bengal.
Some of these districts share educational facilities with neighboring districts.
Some of these formations are called balancing rocks because of their appearance.
Some of these pigeons became quite famous among the infantrymen they worked for.
Some options required construction of a network of fueling or charging stations.
Some PBX systems allow the assignment of DND circumvention codes to supervisors.
Some pet owners use these collars for GPS tracking and geofencing of their pets.
Some pictures depicting hunting scenes were painted for King John V of Portugal.
Some populations are threatened by habitat degradation caused by climate change.
Some prefer to paint isolated specimen flowers while others prefer arrangements.
Some programs may be broadcast live in certain time zones and delayed in others.
Some recipes call for young coconut meat and some call for adding pandan leaves.
Some restaurants in the United States serve the traditional version of the dish.
Some reviewers noted that this story would lend itself to an adapted screenplay.
Some sales representatives develop scripts for all or part of the sales process.
Some scholars believe Guingemaro was founded by slaves who had escaped Mahilaka.
Some scholars have even studied many aspects of his profound cultural influence.
Some schools also provide volunteers for the schools and visit their UWS School.
Some shops may charge slightly below MRP to draw more customers to their stores.
Some significant economic activity takes place on the side of Birkirkara Bypass.
Some software can process the orthophoto and produce the linework automatically.
Some state crowns might however be used during parts of the coronation ceremony.
Some studies have produced cladograms in which the Deinopoidea are paraphyletic.
Some studies will employ multiple coders working independently on the same data.
Some tables aim to emphasize both the nucleon and electronic structure of atoms.
Some textbooks do not include the enteric nervous system as part of this system.
Some theorists believe that all behavior is under some form of stimulus control.
Something that is composed of particles may be referred to as being particulate.
Something to Tell You is the second studio album by American pop rock band Haim.
Sometimes a freight forwarder will come between two carriers to act as an agent.
Sometimes bamboo leaves are added along with radish in the fermentation mixture.
Sometimes contractors submit lower tenders to win the contract and win the work.
Sometimes "polymedicine" is used to refer to pharmaceutical combination therapy.
Sometimes the easiest way of closing the wound may not be the ideal or best way.
Some titles of nobility outside Europe may be considered as equivalents of Duke.
Some TVs allow the user to define the number of pixels moved and their interval.
Some versions are sculpted or slashed into a pattern resembling an ear of wheat.
Some versions of the album also features the original recording as a bonus disk.
Some Wiccans believe that it is a modern innovation based on Christian morality.
Some will summarize chapters of novels or the important elements of the subject.
Some XEGS users preferred to rewire the Sega Master System Light Phaser for use.
Song Chinese naval engineers came up with this idea by cutting up bamboo plants.
Song is the second studio album by American heavy metal band Beyond the Embrace.
Song of the Sannyasin is a poem of thirteen verses written by Swami Vivekananda.
Songs for the Living is the fourth album by the Christian metal band Embodyment.
Songs include dozens of favorite tunes from the era with more added each season.
Songs of Innocence and of Experience is the debut full length by Adequate Seven.
Sonny is played by Maurice Benard and Carly is currently played by Laura Wright.
Son of Spirit was the second album that Spirit released through Mercury Records.
Sony Max is an Indian pay television channel launched by Sony Pictures Networks.
Sony Music Studios also had facilities for live and taped television broadcasts.
Soon is the seventh studio album by Canadian country music artist George Canyon.
Soto is a light rail subway station in the Los Angeles County Metro Rail system.
Soulbender is the only studio album by the American metal band of the same name.
Soul food is a variety of cuisine originating in the Southeastern United States.
Soulskinner is the sixth studio album by the German death metal band Fleshcrawl.
Soul Trader is the second studio album by English electronic music producer ils.
Soul UK Live EP is the first EP released by British soul singer Beverley Knight.
Sound and Vision is an experienced partner in European funded research projects.
South African jurisprudence refers to the study and theory of South African law.
South African pole vaulter Okkert Brits won his second African Games gold medal.
South African tactics became increasingly aggressive as the conflict progressed.
Southern Harbor is a town in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador.
Southern Manitoba is the southernmost area of the Canadian province of Manitoba.
South Korea has a relatively unified and integrated approach to law enforcement.
South Korea shared the silver medal with the defending champions Chinese Taipei.
South Malabar was divided between the Zamorin of Calicut and the Raja of Cochin.
South Mansfield College is private international school located in Metro Manila.
South of Sideways is the major release album of Dallas hard rock band Edgewater.
South Park is an American animated sitcom created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone.
South Tongu is located in the South Tongu district of the Volta Region of Ghana.
South Tongu is one of the constituencies represented in the Parliament of Ghana.
South West Cambridgeshire is a former United Kingdom Parliamentary constituency.
Soviet athlete Nina Ponomaryova won the gold medal and set a new Olympic record.
Soviet intelligence assigned Sheppard the cover name MASTER or MASTER CRAFTSMAN.
Soviet made awards were modeled after Soviet orders and made of Sterling Silver.
So Yoshi and his band of radical queers decide this wedding need not take place.
So You Think You Can Dance Australia judge Jason Coleman in the final boardroom.
Space Marines is a science fiction miniatures wargame created by A. Mark Ratner.
Space surveillance is the study and monitoring of satellites orbiting the earth.
SPAdes has been integrated into Galaxy pipelines by Guy Lionel and Philip Mabon.
Spanx specializes in foundation garments intended to make people appear thinner.
Spathognathodus is an extinct conodont genus in the family Spathognathodontidae.
Speakers report that Kombe and Iyasa are almost perfectly mutually intelligible.
Speaking for three minutes on a topic chosen from two supplied by the examiners.
Special permission from the city prefect was necessary in order to examine them.
Special Status for Goa is a concept to make Goa as a separate entity from India.
Species form symbiotic relations with bacteria in structures named Epixenosomes.
Species in the family are widely distributed in temperate areas and the tropics.
Species in this family produce a septate mycelium with one refractile endospore.
Species of the genera Senna and Chamaecrista were previously included in Cassia.
Species of this genus are native to tropical and subtropical America and Africa.
Species of this genus are woody vines or sometimes shrubs with twining branches.
Speculation about two new tracks on the album began soon after its announcement.
Speedcuffs were standard issue for most police forces within the United Kingdom.
Speed Queen is a fictional extraterrestrial supervillain published by DC Comics.
Sperm Wars is a primarily nonfiction book by evolutionary biologist Robin Baker.
Sphaeropleales is an order of green algae that used to be called Chlorococcales.
Sphatlo or kota is a South African sandwich popular in the townships of Gauteng.
S.P.I.D.E.R. was a fictional terrorist organization which appeared in DC Comics.
Spinal mobilization is a type of passive movement of a spinal segment or region.
Spinks Akromaster is an aerobatic aircraft that was designed by Charlie Hillard.
Spirits of the Western Sky is a solo album by Justin Hayward of The Moody Blues.
Split Second is a crime fiction novel written by American writer David Baldacci.
Splitting ax is sometimes described as an old name for a splitting maul or froe.
Sploshing as a fetish is served by a number of websites including Splosh Dating.
Sponge diving is the oldest known form of the original art of underwater diving.
Spontaneous recovery can occur anywhere within a couple weeks to several months.
Spoon is a noontime cooking talk show featuring celebrities from other networks.
Sporothrix schenckii is a fungus that can be found worldwide in the environment.
Sport is an important part of the culture of the Australian state of Queensland.
SportsDesk was also seen on the North American Sports Network throughout Europe.
Sports equipment manufacturers use it to test the performance of their products.
Sportsworld was an Australian sports information program shown on Seven Network.
Sportvereniging Poortugaal is a Dutch association football club from Poortugaal.
Spots were read and written with an optical mechanism with an access time of ca.
SPPS has been used widely in oil and gas industry for erosion threat assessment.
Spywatch is a TV series produced by the BBC as part of the Look and Read series.
SQL statements and triggers can call functions created in the PL/pgSQL language.
SQL syntax templates embedded in the language facilitate the handling of tables.
Squad Leader is a game system depicting tactical combat in the Second World War.
Squadron was the first and is currently the largest RAF operator of the Chinook.
SRUTHI.He entered politics through activism in the Students Federation of India.
SS Elihu Root was a Liberty ship built in the United States during World War II.
SS Frank Park was a Liberty ship built in the United States during World War II.
SS Samaustral was a Liberty ship built in the United States during World War II.
Stacey Godfrey Evans is a former member of the Georgia House of Representatives.
Staff and line are names given to different types of functions in organizations.
Stagecoach brought in busses from other depots to maintain services in the area.
Stamford Holmes was played by Peter Egan and "Doctor" Watson by Jeremy Nicholas.
Standard also describes how random strings and random numbers must be generated.
Standard Comics was an American comic book company owned by publisher Ned Pines.
Standards bodies differ in their recommendations for nominal level and headroom.
Stand by Your Van is a retrospective compilation live album by the band Sublime.
Stanley Clark was a New Zealand rugby league player who represented his country.
Stanley is a city in Chippewa and Clark counties in the U.S. state of Wisconsin.
Stannous fluoride is the active ingredient in Crest Pro Health brand toothpaste.
Stansbury Hall is a building on the Downtown Campus of West Virginia University.
Starting one of the longest international careers in modern rugby union history.
State and local governments may apply for waivers to enact stricter regulations.
State governments are free to create a test even more favorable to an appellant.
Stations currently used by MBTA or Amtrak are indicated within the notes column.
Statistics Belgium conducts surveys among households and enterprises in Belgium.
Status hierarchies depend primarily on the possession and use of status symbols.
St. Charles is also known for being in the White River National Wildlife Refuge.
St. Dominic C.S.S. is part of the Simcoe Muskoka Catholic District School Board.
Steane Kremerskothen is a former Australian rules football player from Tasmania.
Steel casting is a specialized form of casting involving various types of steel.
Steere Bodacious is an American single seat original design ultralight aircraft.
Steetley Colliery is a former colliery on the Derbyshire/Nottinghamshire border.
St. Elias Antiochian Orthodox Church is one of the oldest churches in La Crosse.
Stephenson is widely regarded as one of the best teachers at Harvard Law School.
Stephen Stack was a Gaelic footballer who played with Kerry and Listowel Emmets.
Stephen Taylor is a senior lecturer at the University of Exeter Business School.
Stepwells also served as a place for social gatherings and religious ceremonies.
Sterilite Corporation is an American manufacturer of plastic storage containers.
Steve is portrayed by Stephen Nichols and Kayla is portrayed by Mary Beth Evans.
Steven Harold Conroy is an English former footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Steven H. Stern is an American lawyer and politician from the state of New York.
Steve Roche mentioned that his favorite Off Minor song is "Everything Explicit".
St. Francis is set in an urban environment and is considered a commuter college.
S.Thimmapuram is a small village in Kirlampudi mandal in East Godavari district.
Stigmatism is applicable only in the approximation provided by geometric optics.
Still the Drums is about four best friends that went to Vietnam as U.S. Marines.
Stilpnochlora is a genus of phaneropterine katydids in the family Tettigoniidae.
St. James Anglican Church is diagonally opposite the intersection from Firehall.
St Marys Senior High School is an academically comprehensive senior high school.
Stone Buildings are so called from the material with which they are constructed.
Stones and roses is a pattern emulating masonry with little roses on the bricks.
Stonesetting is the art of securely setting or attaching gemstones into jewelry.
Stone was taken from the castle to build houses and other buildings in the town.
Stormed Fortress is volume eight of the Wars of Light and Shadow by Janny Wurts.
Stormworld is the destination for people and objects from many different worlds.
Story has also designed limited edition shoes for DC Shoes and Macbeth Footwear.
Stossel has also served as a spokesman for the Stuttering Foundation of America.
Stowers was also previously an assistant principal at Horace Mann Middle School.
Straight On till Morning is the fifth album by American jam band Blues Traveler.
Stranahan House is the home of Fort Lauderdale pioneers Frank and Ivy Stranahan.
Strand of Oaks is the rock project by songwriter and producer Timothy Showalter.
"Strange fits of passion have I known" is simple in form but complex in content.
Strange Girls is the debut studio album by the garage rock band Gore Gore Girls.
Strange Itch is the independently released debut album by the band Strange Itch.
Strategus is a genus of rhinoceros beetles belonging to the family Scarabaeidae.
Street News and The Big Issue have become prototypes of street papers worldwide.
Strength of Steel is the fourth studio album by Canadian heavy metal band Anvil.
Streptomyces thermodiastaticus produces a lytic enzyme against Candida albicans.
Strife between his administration and other parts of the Institute came swiftly.
Strike Force Kobra is the name of two supervillain teams appearing in DC Comics.
Strouss was a department store serving the U.S. states of Ohio and Pennsylvania.
Structural parasitology is the study of the structures of proteins of parasites.
Structures like this required yearly maintenance to remove the accumulated silt.
Struthideidae is a family of passerine birds known as the Australian mudnesters.
Stuart Patterson Park is home to the Francis Fitzsimmons Senior Citizens Center.
Stuckertiella is a genus of South American flowering plants in the daisy family.
Studena Croatia Open Umag was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts.
Student housing also play a key role in developing campuswide social activities.
Student publications in a variety of formats are actively collected by the SCRC.
Students are also required to complete two science subjects in their final year.
Students formerly served by this school are now served by Riverside High School.
Students from the school were reassigned to three other schools within the city.
Students in the district are eligible to attend the Davis H. Hart Career Center.
Students may receive a grade and academic credit after completion of the course.
Students may sit the exam at the Bangalore center after registering for the NOS.
Students must audition or submit a portfolio to be accepted into a senior major.
Studies have shown PTM cells to be critical in achieving normal spermatogenesis.
Studies with the purpose of defining the edges of this region are still ongoing.
StudyPlaces is one of the first global international education portals in India.
Stu Weber is an American pastor and author of several books on Christian living.
Style Living Architects Ltd is the designer and the developer of the skyscraper.
Stylistically closely related to the Caeretan hydriai are striped neck amphorae.
Stylops is a genus of obligately endoparasitic insects in the family Stylopidae.
Sual is one of the towns where the Spanish galleon brought their goods to trade.
Subarnameru Temple is situated in Sonepur town in Subarnapur district of Odisha.
Submers is an album by Canadian musician Scott Morgan under the alias of Loscil.
Subsequent position adjustment may require the use of forward and reverse gears.
Subsequent studies of the MCI effect have followed this revised labeling scheme.
Substantial cultural influences also came from the Chinese and British cultures.
Substellar companion is a generic term for an astronomical body orbiting a star.
Subterranean clover is one of the most commonly grown forage crops in Australia.
Such a marshy area would have provided a degree of protection to the old castle.
Such a model is used to simplify the behaviors of what is a very complex system.
Such a place can range from a home office to a large office building or factory.
Such badges are no longer authorized and are now categorized as obsolete badges.
Such darker surfaces on the Moon are typically formed by flows of basaltic lava.
Such ferries operate faster and more effectively in rivers with strong currents.
Such games have diverse rules and histories and are of mostly unrelated origins.
Such newspapers often resemble conventional newspapers focused on local content.
Such ramifications are known as the collateral consequences of criminal charges.
Such schools provide a major part of the medical education in the United States.
Such special purpose districts often encompass areas in multiple municipalities.
Such state recognition has at times been opposed by federally recognized tribes.
Such structures are usually dismantled after the construction work is completed.
Such subjects as World War I and major assassinations were presented in context.
Such topics as syntax and possible inflection or agglutination remain a mystery.
Such wiring is subject to rigorous safety standards for design and installation.
Sucre Province is a province in the eastern part of the Ayacucho Region in Peru.
Sudheesh is a Malayalam actor from Calicut who mainly works in Malayalam cinema.
Sue Klebold donated all of her profits from the book to mental health charities.
Suetonius refers to demands by the Britons that Rome return "certain deserters".
SuiteCRM is a free and open source Customer Relationship Management application.
Sukardi was born in Jakarta into a family of the menak or Sundanese aristocracy.
Sukhendu Sekhar Roy is an Indian politician belonging to the Trinamool Congress.
Sukhumi Botanical Garden is one of the oldest botanical gardens in the Caucasus.
Suliman Gani is a Muslim community leader and imam from Tooting in south London.
Sully is currently an Adjunct Professor of Law at the Western Sydney University.
Sulur taluk is a taluk of Coimbatore district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Sumkar is a district which is made up of Karkar Island and part of mainland NCR.
Summadayze was an annual Australian music festival held in the month of January.
Summer Kiss Tour was the debut concert tour by Canadian singer Carly Rae Jepsen.
Suncho Corral is a municipality and village in Santiago del Estero in Argentina.
Sunday Night Show was a British television chat show presented by Adrian Chiles.
Sungdong Group is a South Korean shipbuilding company with four operating units.
Sunlight Electric is a designer and retailer of commercial photovoltaic systems.
Sunny Blues is the first studio album of the South Korean girl group Sunny Hill.
Sun SC is a Sri Lankan football club based in Beruwala in the Kalutara District.
Sunset Beach won two Daytime Emmy Awards and was nominated another eleven times.
Sunshine reggae is a subgenre of reggae which is said to bring "tropical vibes".
Super Marmaye is produced by Adyar Madhava Naik under the banner of Anand films.
Supermigration is the second studio album from Irish electronic duo Solar Bears.
Supernaut is the debut studio album by Australian glam/punk rock band Supernaut.
Superstation is a term in North American broadcasting that has several meanings.
Super Swap is an action puzzle game developed by Teyon for the Nintendo DSiWare.
Supporters of the campaign to clear his name included the comedian Jeremy Hardy.
Supposedly Green Island acquired its name came the color of its lush vegetation.
Supreeme can be found listed under List of current Warner Bros. Records artists.
Surajpur is the first district to receive National Satyan Maitra Literacy Award.
Sure is regulated by the Channel Islands Competition and Regulatory Authorities.
Surfing in the United States is one of the most popular pastimes in the country.
Surfside Buslines is an Australian bus operator on the Gold Coast in Queensland.
Surridge Sports are a sportswear company who specialize in football and cricket.
Surriya Khanum is a veteran Pakistani folk and classical singer from the Punjab.
Surveys originally examined public opinion on building new nuclear power plants.
Survival of the Sickest is the fourth studio album by American rock band Saliva.
Surviving the music industry in Indonesia has become a struggle for Batik Tribe.
Survivor is the fourth studio album released by Dutch death metal band Gorefest.
Susan Hall is a Conservative Party politician and member of the London Assembly.
Susan Sizemore is an American author of both romance and science fiction novels.
Susan Wiggs is an American author of historical and contemporary romance novels.
Susie Curry is a retired professional fitness competitor from the United States.
Suson retired from the Armed Forces of the Philippines with the rank of Captain.
"Susuhunan" can mean someone to give the "susunan"/"sembah" to a revered person.
Sutter Avenue is a station on the BMT Canarsie Line of the New York City Subway.
Sutures are with lateral lobes and may possess dorsal and ventral lobes as well.
Sve najbolje is a greatest hits compilation album of the Croatian band Thompson.
Swaby is an inductee of the Branson Center of Entrepreneurship in the Caribbean.
Swami Dayanand also visited here with Thakur Bopal Singh and Thakur Manna Singh.
Swanmore was originally set up to provide homes for workers in local brickworks.
Swarmer cells differentiate into stalked cells after a short period of motility.
Sweetened condensed milk drizzled over the top is sometimes called a "snow cap".
Sweethearts or Strangers is the debut album by country music singer Faron Young.
Sweet Spring Creek is a stream in Randolph County in the U.S. state of Missouri.
Swift Current Broncos are a junior ice hockey team in the Western Hockey League.
Swiftfox was freely downloadable with open source code and proprietary binaries.
Swift Justice was canceled due to low ratings near the end of the second season.
Swimming is one of the sports at the quadrennial Commonwealth Games competition.
Swiss Athletics is the governing body for the sport of athletics in Switzerland.
Switzer currently hosts nightly commentary program Switzer on Sky News Business.
Switzerland is signatory to all relevant international human rights instruments.
Sylva Foundation is a national charity supporting sustainable forest management.
Symbaloo allows a single user to create different pages or screens with buttons.
Symbol of Life is the ninth studio album recorded by British band Paradise Lost.
Symphionema montanum is a shrub endemic to New South Wales in eastern Australia.
Symptoms begin between one day and two months after the infection is contracted.
Symptoms typically include gradual onset of shortness of breath and a dry cough.
Synchronized skating has never appeared at the Olympics but aims to be included.
Synthetic threads have since replaced most animal fibers in modern textile arts.
Synurus is a genus of Asian plants in the thistle tribe within the daisy family.
Syren is the fifth book in the child fantasy Septimus Heap series by Angie Sage.
Syrian Canadians refers to Canadians who can trace their ancestry back to Syria.
System resources were represented as objects and protected through capabilities.
SystemVerilog attempts to combine HDL and HVL constructs into a single standard.
Szostalo is a Polish sculptor with studios in both Poland and the United States.
Table manners are the cultural customs and rules of etiquette used while dining.
T. Abu is a Malayalam director perhaps known best for directing the film Dhwani.
Tachystatin A is thought to have an antimicrobial activity similar to defensins.
Taco Pozo is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina.
Tacuruzal is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina.
Tad learned another meditation when the album and film were recorded and filmed.
Taegyo refers to a set of practices and beliefs related to prenatal development.
Taheebo is the common name for the inner bark of the Red or Purple Lapacho tree.
Tai Le is a Unicode block containing characters for writing the Tai Le language.
Tajuddin is a Leader Class offshore patrol vessel of the Bangladesh Coast Guard.
Taking the Wheel is the second studio album by Australian singer David Campbell.
Tamil Nadu State Film Awards were given for excellence in Tamil cinema in India.
Tamirisa is a village in Krishna district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Tammy Cochran is the debut album by American country music artist Tammy Cochran.
Tanapag is a settlement on the island of Saipan in the Northern Mariana Islands.
Tandi is a city in the Ratnanagar Municipality of the Chitwan District in Nepal.
Tangaye is a department or commune of Yatenga Province in northern Burkina Faso.
Tanibhanga is a village in Bangladesh with population of less than one thousand.
Tan is also the founder and the current Secretary General of Singaporeans First.
Tapaitau is the son of former Democratic party cabinet minister Tepure Tapaitau.
Tara Chand is a Dalit leader of Indian National Congress from Jammu and Kashmir.
Tara Lyn Hart is the debut album by Canadian country music artist Tara Lyn Hart.
Taran Butler is an American sport shooter and world champion born in California.
Tarn Taran was a Lok Sabha parliamentary constituency in Indian state of Punjab.
Tarpan is a musical poetry series presented by poet and presenter Kumar Vishwas.
Tartarus is a fictional organization of supervillains in the DC Comics universe.
Tasgaon grapes from the city from Tasgaon are very famous grapes in Maharashtra.
Taxation of income in the United States has been practiced since colonial times.
Taylorella is a genus of the Alcaligenaceae of the order of the Burkholderiales.
Taylor has won six singles and two doubles titles on the ITF tour in her career.
Taylor Rookery is an emperor penguin breeding colony on the Mawson Coast of Mac.
Taylorsville is a town in Bartow and Polk counties in the U.S. state of Georgia.
Tayside House was an office block development in the city center area of Dundee.
T. brucei is one of only a few pathogens known to cross the blood brain barrier.
Team Pentacle uses a blended approach of scientific tools and religious beliefs.
Teams may bring offenses to the attention of the citing commissioner for review.
Tear bears were probably first created by children in primary grade art classes.
Techniques for value range analysis typically use symbolic analysis extensively.
Technocrat is a superhero in the DC Comics and a former member of the Outsiders.
Technofile was a daily radio show written and produced by talk show host Lazlow.
Tecno Mobile is a Chinese mobile phone manufacturer which is based in Hong Kong.
Tectaria is a genus of fern in the family Polypodiaceae subfamily Tectarioideae.
Teddy Roosevelt and his Rough Riders were reputed to frequent the establishment.
Teeth Of The Hydra is a compilation album by the American heavy metal band Omen.
Tejwant Singh was an Indian politician and member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
Tekeseleng is a community council located in the Mokhotlong District of Lesotho.
Tele Arena is an Italian regional television channel of Veneto owned by Athesis.
Teleglobe had had a statutory monopoly on overseas telephony to and from Canada.
Telephone overhead lines are connected to the public switched telephone network.
Television critics branded the character a "heart throb" and "a charming rogue".
Television personality Grant Denyer lives on a property overlooking the village.
Telomere resolvase is an enzyme found in bacteria which contain linear plasmids.
Temecla is a genus of Neotropical hairstreak butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
Tempalli is a village in Krishna district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Temperature and ultraviolet light are thought to be key factors in this process.
Tempter is the debut album by the Dutch death metal band Nembrionic Hammerdeath.
Tenants include the Major League Baseball Players Association and Inbox Insight.
Ten Berge is a Dutch toponymic surname originally meaning "at the hill / mound".
Tenchu is known for its stealth gameplay and the eerie settings of feudal Japan.
Tenkara fishing and cane pole fishing are two techniques that do not use a reel.
Tenke is a town in the Katanga Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Tennis Australia also has a similar agreement with the French Tennis Federation.
Ten people were arrested in connection with the distribution of the photographs.
Tens of millions of people around the world live their lives as foreign workers.
Tenth Street and Marvin Avenue have the largest concentration of these cottages.
Termitopaedia is a monotypic genus of Aleocharinae in the tribe Termitopaediini.
Terms in Spanish and Portuguese are also available in the multilingual database.
TER Picardie was the regional rail network serving the Picardy region of France.
TerraVia also sells its own culinary algae oil under the Thrive Algae Oil brand.
Terri Psiakis is an Australian comedian and a presenter on radio and television.
Territories that have different rates to their respective nation are in italics.
Terrorism in Uzbekistan is more prevalent than in any other Central Asian state.
Terry Finisterre is a Saint Lucian citizen and a sustainable tourism consultant.
Tests are given at individual schools and results are sent to MOEMS for scoring.
Test suites are a type of system intended to assess the correctness of software.
Tetrahedral intermediates result from nucleophilic addition to a carbonyl group.
Tetramelaceae are a family of plants formerly classed in the Datiscaceae family.
Teufen is a municipality in the canton of Appenzell Ausserrhoden in Switzerland.
Texas County is a county located in the panhandle of the U.S. state of Oklahoma.
Thain and the only crew member able to stand transferred the rest to the island.
Thallur is a village in Prakasam district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Thamnoseris is a genus of plants in the dandelion tribe within the daisy family.
Than High is the seventh album released by British pop group Brotherhood of Man.
Thanks to WIRIS the author can edit and display mathematical formulas in MathML.
Thank U is the debut Japanese studio album by the South Korean rock band CNBLUE.
Thannipavilan Kudiyiruppu is a small town in the Northern Province of Sri Lanka.
Than They Used ta Be is the fourth album by the American rock band Ugly Kid Joe.
Thanx is the seventh studio album by Japanese singer and songwriter Rina Aiuchi.
Tha palace also contains various paintings by Carlo Ferrari and Eugenio Gignous.
That article caused a consternation within IBM executive quarters and attorneys.
Thatcher was reportedly angry that the BBC had allowed the question to be asked.
That company has changed its name and its business is unrelated to the original.
That Glitters Is a Mares Nest is a live album by the English rock band Cardiacs.
That is when they really started to make an impact in the Bern Switzerland area.
That is why we are back in the studio recording a few more tracks for the album.
That Jazz was the last studio album by the American jazz singer Ella Fitzgerald.
That Luang is the national symbol and most important religious monument of Laos.
That original structure had itself been erected on the site of some Roman baths.
That same decade Jack Horner reported the discovery of Troodon nests in Montana.
That same year Cheney started a school in his house for the children of members.
That same year she was selected in the Queensland Rugby league team against NSW.
That skull has been split open vertically to reveal various compartments inside.
That way training would be competitive for all teams regardless of talent level.
The Aalesund ship dates to the fourth century and was built during the iron age.
The abbey buildings were located to the south of St Peters church in Humberston.
The abdominal aura can be classified as a somatic or coenesthetic hallucination.
The Abelam are a people who live in the East Sepik province of Papua New Guinea.
The Abia State Ministry of Agriculture is a branch of the Abia State Government.
The Abingdon Sword has silver mounts inlaid with niello in the Trewhiddle style.
The Abobral River is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
The abolition does not apply in relation to offenses committed before that date.
The absorption of water by plants is essential for various metabolic activities.
The academy assembles street boys and orphans from different districts of Nepal.
The Academy for Social Justice Commissioning works with the Ministry of Justice.
The academy grew out of the first production of the play Where the Rainbow Ends.
The academy recently completed the first two phases of a campus rebuilding plan.
The acquisitions were vital in the club capturing their first CPSL Championship.
The act also directs NASA to support university research in a variety of fields.
The act also provided for increased slaughter powers in order to combat disease.
The action culminates in a duel between them that settles the fate of the Solex.
The ACT is also home to the Canberra Vikings in the National Rugby Championship.
The active stabilizer system relies on vehicle body sensors and electric motors.
The actor Adam Baldwin shares the same surname but is not related to the family.
The actor has since appeared in SBS miniseries Better Man and feature film Lion.
The actor received a request through his agent to audition for the role of Jett.
The actors portrayed two men that fall in love during a sheepherding expedition.
The Acts of Peter is one of the earliest of the apocryphal Acts of the Apostles.
The Act stipulated that arrested slave traders could be tried in British courts.
The actual chair of the association is the foreign correspondent Luca Rovinalti.
The actual site is unknown but is believed to be at the site of Park Farm South.
The Adansi tribe is the smaller of the two tribes inhabiting the Ashanti Region.
The adaption is directed by Shawn Seet and stars Geoffrey Rush and Jai Courtney.
The Adarsh Nagar Metro Station is located on the Yellow Line of the Delhi Metro.
The addition of a pendulum allows the torpedo to sense the pitch of the torpedo.
The addition value prescribed depends on the level of presbyopia of the patient.
The adipose capsule is sometimes included in the structure of the renal capsule.
The adjacent Gwydir Forest would have provided work for many of the inhabitants.
The adjective rusticum was used to distinguish it from an urban or resort villa.
The adjoining estate was sold for the residential development of St Ronans Road.
The adjoining Musgrave Park Hospital specializes in rehabilitation for all ages.
The administrative center was the village of Sira where Bakke Church is located.
The adult moth has brown wings with a scalloped dark brown band near the margin.
The adult parasitic stage lives in tunnels in the mucosa of the small intestine.
The advent of product testing was the beginning of the modern consumer movement.
The adventures made in WinPAW could only be played using the MS Windows runtime.
The aerial war saw both sides conducting thousands of sorties in a single month.
The affairs of the Institute are managed professionally by the National Council.
The Agatya had a significant role in vocalizing the cause of the Bengali people.
The agency also has offices at the James R. Thompson Center in the Chicago Loop.
The agency also maintains boating infrastructure including harbors and channels.
The agency found that Ms Watson had not acted responsibly or planned adequately.
The Agony Without the Ecstasy is an EP released by British Indie pop band Fosca.
The agriculture ministry is headed by Minister of Agriculture Radha Mohan Singh.
The Ahmavaara mine is one of the largest gold mines in Finland and in the world.
The aim is protect freedom of expression and the right to privacy in cyberspace.
The aim of the game is to find the valuable treasure and escape from the island.
The aim of the offensive was to cut the last rebel supply line into Aleppo city.
The air base wing public affairs office had full editorial control of the paper.
The aircraft are configured to carry fifteen passengers plus three crew members.
The aircraft is notable as the first to take off from water under its own power.
The aircraft is supplied in the form of plans or a kit for amateur construction.
The aircraft was a private venture development and based on the Westland Wapiti.
The air force also owns and maintains "bare bases" in remote areas of Australia.
The airline uses the Singapore Girl as its central figure in corporate branding.
The airline was listed on the List of air carriers banned in the European Union.
The airport is a focus city for both China Eastern Airlines and Hainan Airlines.
The airport is named after the Belizean politician and entrepreneur Barry Bowen.
The AIX Toolbox for Linux Applications is a collection of GNU tools for IBM AIX.
The AKA carried cargo and an assortment of LCVPs and LCMs with which to land it.
The Albert Falls Dam is rated as one of the best bass fishing dams in the world.
The album also reached the number two spot on the Freeform American Roots Chart.
The album art and design was done by graphic designer and art director Vill Mak.
The album consisted of contributions from various members of the DeBarge family.
The album contains excerpts from the movies Army of Darkness and Love and Death.
The album contains seven new songs recorded with Albin Julius of Der Blutharsch.
The album cover comes from a photoshoot by Canadian photographer Deborah Samuel.
The album cover shows a picture of the band near a Learjet in the Mojave Desert.
The album delay was somewhat attributed to the length of time it took to record.
The album derives its name from Tighten Up compilation series by Trojan Records.
The album earned Vega a Grammy Award nomination for Best Dance/Electronic Album.
The album features a musical accompaniment by Henry Phillips on acoustic guitar.
The album features a performance by Shepp with a large ensemble and vocal choir.
The album features a performance of the traditional folk song "Blood Red River".
The album features a pop rock style and was produced by Squeeze and Peter Smith.
The album features eight classic Christmas songs as well as five original songs.
The album features four songs that were recorded as demos for Universal Records.
The album features thirteen tracks with "Last Romeo" serving as the title track.
The album features vocals from Blunt and frequent collaborator Joanne Robertson.
The album has also been noted for being the heaviest album by Lifehouse to date.
The album has been praised by several reviewers as a newer genre in soundtracks.
The album has since been released on CD as a compilation of this and Volume two.
The album has so far been preceded by the singles "Charcoal Baby" and "Jewelry".
The album includes the singles "Love How It Hurts" and "Summertime In the City".
The album is best known for featuring the worldwide hit single "Buffalo Stance".
The album is composed of cover songs by country music and Southern rock artists.
The album is composed only of songs that were left out of their previous albums.
The album is mainly produced by Adam Kidron and was recorded in Ibiza and Paris.
The album is retrospectively considered a classic by both critics and musicians.
The album is the third soundtrack/film score by British composer Stuart Hancock.
The album proved a big success as did the world tour which lasted for two years.
The album purpose was to promote Jill and let the people to know more about her.
The album reappeared one week later after heavy promotion on various talk shows.
The album received three positive reviews and saw commercial charting successes.
The album showcases more of a death metal influence compared to previous albums.
The album takes its name from the genus of an extinct hominine of the same name.
The album was a critical success but had only limited success in the AOR market.
The album was announced in late May with the release of the lead single "Mater".
The album was certified Gold in the United Kingdom just two weeks after release.
The album was certified platinum by the Canadian Recording Industry Association.
The album was influenced by contemporary progressive rock and heavy metal music.
The album was inspired by the first four novels in the Harry Potter book series.
The album was later released as part of the compilation The Transition Sessions.
The album was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album.
The album was not available commercially but was only given as a gift to donors.
The album was originally released as a double LP then rereleased as a single CD.
The album was originally scheduled to have been issued in the LP and CD formats.
The album was produced by Thomas Mitchener at the Studio Broadfields in Watford.
The album was recorded and produced by Jesse Smith and mastered by Nick Blagona.
The album was recorded and produced by Neil Dorfsman and mastered by Bob Ludwig.
The album was recorded and released on the independent label Spindletop Records.
The album was recorded at Abbey Road Studios with the London Symphony Orchestra.
The album was recorded at Soundlab studios with production of Mieszko Talarczyk.
The album was recorded at Star Studios in Norway with production of Trond Breen.
The album was recorded at The Blasting Room by Andrew Berlin and Bill Stevenson.
The album was supported with the official singles "Two Three" and "Lonely Road".
The album was the first by the group not to feature any cover versions of songs.
The album was the first to be released in the UK on the Swan Song Records label.
The album was the most successful album by Arredondo either in critics or sales.
The alcohol laws of Missouri are among the most permissive in the United States.
The Algeria International in badminton is an international open held in Algeria.
The Algerian passport is issued to citizens of Algeria for international travel.
The algorithm does not make any prior assumptions on the number of the clusters.
The algorithm has been subsequently analyzed and explained by other researchers.
The aliens assimilate the researchers and their ship before escaping into space.
The Allende meteorite is the largest carbonaceous chondrite ever found on Earth.
The alliance has indicated that it is not part of the Reawakening of Egypt list.
The alliance has put in place quotas for women and youth on its electoral lists.
The Alliant Energy Center of Dane County is situated within the Town of Madison.
The Allies in the meantime concentrated on solidifying their defenses in Greece.
The All Saints Church in Henley Brook is the oldest church in Western Australia.
The Almaty Challenger is a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts.
The ALNAP Secretariat is hosted by the Overseas Development Institute in London.
The alpha and beta appendage domains bind to accessory proteins and to clathrin.
The Alsatian duke was probably killed alongside his son fighting for the mayors.
The Altoona Transportation Center is also served by Amtrak Pennsylvanian trains.
The alveolar canals transmit the posterior superior alveolar vessels and nerves.
The AMA Scientific Achievement Award is awarded by American Medical Association.
The America First Party is a minor paleoconservative party in the United States.
The American Central Railway was originally named the Western Air Line Railroad.
The American Drum Horse is a modern American breed of heavy horse of draft type.
The American edition features a different album cover from the European version.
The Ammachis were mostly from families of the Thampi caste of the Nair nobility.
The amount of water replaced is characterized by the chemical activity of water.
The ancestors of Stanford Computer Scientist Donald Knuth emigrated from Schuby.
The ancients mention him along with the most detestable tyrants that ever lived.
The Andakerebina were an indigenous Australian people of the Northern Territory.
The Andalusia national football team is the national football team of Andalusia.
The Andotra are Rajput clan found in the at state of Jammu and Kashmir in India.
The Android and iOS apps and website are periodically updated with new features.
The anginosus group streptococci are members of the viridans streptococci group.
The Anglican Church of Papua New Guinea is a province of the Anglican Communion.
The Angostura Colorada Formation is a Campanian geologic formation in Argentina.
The Angry Pacifist was a magazine produced by Daws Hill and Naphill peace camps.
The Anguilla Football Association is the governing body of football in Anguilla.
The animals were very similar to the extant hippopotamus and pygmy hippopotamus.
The Animated Series episodes should instead be viewed according to script order.
The annual number of inductees is limited to four male and four female honorees.
The Annunciation is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter Filippo Lippi.
The Anthocerotaceae is the only family of hornworts in the order Anthocerotales.
The antiatherogenic activity of nialamide was used to design pyridinolcarbamate.
The Antigua Democratic Labor Party was a political party in Antigua and Barbuda.
The "Ape" episode includes a guest appearance by reality TV star Michael Schoen.
The apparent place of an object is its position in space as seen by an observer.
The approach can be seen as a development of the distributed generation concept.
The Arabs managed to capture Ctesiphon ending the Persian rule over Mesopotamia.
The Arayankavu Temple is a famous temple of the Hindu mother goddess Bhadrakali.
The arboretum is open daily from sunrise to sunset with no charge for admission.
The arches loop trail descends and then circumnavigates a bench into the canyon.
The architectural firm is among the oldest still operating in the United States.
The arch over the main door has the most detailed Victorian carving in the city.
The Arctic experiences midnight sun in the summer and polar night in the winter.
The Ardsley Country Club or Ardsley Club is a country club in the United States.
The area between Alder Creek and Government Camp is sometimes known as Hoodland.
The area includes several orchards for fruit on its outskirts within its bounds.
The area is an attractive area in Midtown Toronto between St Clair and Eglinton.
The area is the proposed site for the Kukke I and Kukke II hydel power projects.
The area nearby the site of the original Abbey Mill is now known as Abbey Mills.
The area north of Dundas Street and east of Jarvis was excluded from the riding.
The area of the former Bukunzi kingdom is now part of Rusizi District in Rwanda.
The area the park now sits were once just low water areas of the Missouri River.
The area to the north along Langworthy Road mostly comprises terraced buildings.
The area was also the site of an old country school known as Aghaherrish school.
The area was inhabited by the Raritan prior to the arrival of European settlers.
The area was named after the Polish immigrants who originally lived in the area.
The Argentine Chess Championship is organized by the Argentine Chess Federation.
The Arhopalini are a rather small tribe of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
The Arizona Libertarian Party is the Arizona affiliate of the Libertarian Party.
The Arkansas Valley ecoregion has been subdivided into five Level IV ecoregions.
The Arlesey Bomb was developed to allow him to cast the long distances required.
The Armenian Apostolic Church of Holy Resurrection of Dhaka still remains today.
The Armenian Highland finally shows traces of settlement from the Neolithic era.
The Army of the Ohio was the name of two Union armies in the American Civil War.
The Arnold River is a river in the north of the Northern Territory of Australia.
The ARRS is the only organized group that maintains records on indoor marathons.
The arteriviridae infect macrophages in animals and cause a variety of diseases.
The article describes the state of race relations and racism in the Middle East.
The article Religions by country has a sortable table from the Pew Forum report.
The articulations between the bones of the shoulder make up the shoulder joints.
The artificial grass is used in the summertime for soccer and American football.
The Art of Medicine in Early Alexandria is considered the standard in the field.
The Art of War remains the most influential strategy text in East Asian warfare.
The Ashtar movement is studied by academics as a prominent form of UFO religion.
The association gives the annual Horatio Alger Award to exemplars of its ideals.
The association has its headquarters in Mogadishu and Jilib in southern Somalia.
The association is based in Brussels and holds membership meetings twice a year.
The association responsible for the league is the Salzburg Football Association.
The asteroids have long been suggested as possible sites for human colonization.
The athletic teams compete as members of the Capital Area Activities Conference.
The attack consists of sending Destination Unreachable packets to a destination.
The attacks came as the day when UK Prime Minister David Cameron visit Pakistan.
The Australia Cup is one of the biggest races in Australia for Greyhound Racing.
The Australian state of Tasmania is occasionally omitted from maps of Australia.
The author alleges that this is causing "the erosion of Australian sovereignty".
The author mentions the different phases of production and propagation of books.
The author warns us in her preface that she has not followed the legend closely.
The automobile was noted for its patented friction power transmitting mechanism.
The available early cartulary only confirms some of the individuals in the list.
The Avenue of the Giants Marathon is a qualifying event for the Boston Marathon.
The avocado inside the breading or batter may melt after the deep frying occurs.
The award is an official NASCAR contingency award sponsored by American Ethanol.
The award is named in honor of television and radio commentator Gordon Sinclair.
The award is part of the National College Football Awards Association coalition.
The award may be presented to an individual or a team of up to three recipients.
The awards varied in design depending on the length of service of the recipient.
The axis deviation in exophoria is usually mild compared with that of exotropia.
The axles were fit under a plastic tab that provided limited suspension actions.
The Azuay mine is one of the largest gold mines in the Ecuador and in the world.
The Babongo are a forest people of Gabon on the west coast of equatorial Africa.
The Bachelor of Mathematics degree is frequently abbreviated as B.Math or BMath.
The back cover features sleeve notes and a poem written for Young by John Knipe.
The Bacon Brothers is the American musical duo of Michael Bacon and Kevin Bacon.
The badge itself was a isosceles triangle with a black border that stood on top.
The Baht River is a watercourse in Morocco that is tributary to the Sebou River.
The Baillieston electoral ward was divided between Provan and Shettleston seats.
The Baining tribes get their name from the Baining Mountains which they inhabit.
The Balducci levitation is a levitation illusion first described by Ed Balducci.
The Baldum River is a river of Rio Grande do Norte state in northeastern Brazil.
The Ballad Book is the seventh studio album of saxophone player Michael Brecker.
The Ballad Of Nora Lee is third studio album from the Norwegian band Helldorado.
The ballet was commissioned by the Australian Ballet and the Sydney Opera House.
The band also gravitated towards a more glam metal/pop metal sound on Detonator.
The band broke a world record for the most amount crowdfunded for a music video.
The band cincture in the Roman Catholic Church is usually known as the "fascia".
The band embarked on a North American and European tour in support of the album.
The band featured future Black Sabbath founder members Tony Iommi and Bill Ward.
The band has continued to be near one of the top ranking bands in West Virginia.
The band has since played shows across the United States and the United Kingdom.
The band is currently working on a third album that is untitled as of this time.
The band is known for their strong DIY ethic and chaotic style and performances.
The band never truly found a mainstream audience in or out of Christian circles.
The band played regularly in clubs and venues around the San Francisco Bay Area.
The band spent three months in their San Pedro home studio to work on the album.
The band started when guitarist Rainer Sickler joined with four other musicians.
The Band today plays at many events throughout South Cheshire and Staffordshire.
The band toured in Europe and North America to support the release of the album.
The band tried to capture the energy and feel of their live shows on the record.
The band was also chosen to contribute a song to the Purevolume Holiday Sampler.
The band was formed by brothers David and Doug Henderson and drummer Mark Kirby.
The band was formed by vocalist Johan Lindstrand after the breakup of The Crown.
The band was known to incorporate comedy and short skits in their sets on stage.
The band was pivotal in the development of the skate punk and Skate Rock scenes.
The band would stick to a punk rock formula throughout the rest of their career.
The Bangladesh Infantry Regiment is an infantry regiment of the Bangladesh Army.
The bank has a strong reputation for outstanding personal service via telephone.
The Baptist Union of Papua New Guinea is a fellowship of Baptists in New Guinea.
The Barbados Regiment is the land force component of the Barbados Defense Force.
The barn is now used as an entertainment center for the neighboring communities.
The Barra Mansa River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
The basalmost postmedian line is straight and merges with the longitudinal band.
The basement contains an exhibit on the history of rural education in Wisconsin.
The base of the tower is interconnected with a few galleries and souvenir shops.
The base remains in contact with the floor and the flier is balanced in the air.
The base represents Mount St. Catherine with the Grand Etang Lake at the center.
The basic elements of psychopathy outlined by Cleckley are still relevant today.
The basis of the design is an equilateral triangle symbolizing the Holy Trinity.
The basketball team plays its home games in the Multipurpose Building on campus.
The Batagaika crater in Siberia is an example of a large thermokarst depression.
The Bath Foreign Hundred or Forinsecum covered the area outside the city itself.
The Battle of Ladysmith was one of the early engagements of the Second Boer War.
The Battle of Nam Bac was one of the major engagements of the Laotian Civil War.
The "Battle of the Windmill" is also a fictional battle in the book Animal Farm.
The battle system is completely different from that of previous Disciples games.
The Battle was a victory for the Hanoverians and the British against the French.
The battle was the most successful Allied attack of the Battle of Passchendaele.
The bay was photographed by Vilhjalmur Stefansson during his Arctic expeditions.
The Beach Bards of Glen Arbor also contribute financially for the poetry prizes.
The Beacons were a relaunch of the United Soccer Association team Boston Rovers.
The beads found at the site represent the early human use of personal ornaments.
The bearskin caps were covered during the actual battle by black oilskin covers.
The Beautician and the Beast received primarily negative reviews on its release.
The beautiful town is growing fast to be one of the major cities in the country.
The Becker Hawks football program represents Becker College in college football.
The Belarusian tire works is located in the Belarusian industrial city Babruysk.
The belt consists of multiple small memorials marking the historical front line.
The Berlin Fife and Drum Corps is one of the oldest such bands in North America.
The Besnica is a stream that flows through the Besnica Valley east of Ljubljana.
The Bessemer City mine is one of the largest lithium mines in the United States.
The best birds tend to rise above the rest of the kit to show off their talents.
The Best of John Scofield is a compilation album by jazz musician John Scofield.
The Best of The Verve Years is a compilation album by the singer Billie Holiday.
The Best of Vanilla Ice is a greatest hits album by American rapper Vanilla Ice.
The Best Ye Breed is a science fiction novella by American writer Mack Reynolds.
The beta subunit of the farnesyltransferases is responsible for peptide binding.
The Big Dig has continued to suffer cost overruns and other setbacks since then.
The biggest health clinic in the district is St. Joseph Mingende Rural Hospital.
The biggest problem was that the flow of traffic was generally in one direction.
The biggest successes were the hit singles "if only i could" and "sit and wait".
The bike was more focused on being economical with budget brakes and suspension.
The biodegradation processes that occurs is provided by the bacteria themselves.
The bishop of Lisieux was the Ordinary of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Lisieux.
The Black Cloud is a science fiction novel by British astrophysicist Fred Hoyle.
The Black Light is the second studio album by American indie rock band Calexico.
The Black Pearl is a fictional ship in the Pirates of the Caribbean film series.
The black stripe symbolizes Oil "black gold" main economic resource in Putumayo.
The Bloch School also offers NASPAA accredited degrees in Public administration.
The blocking piece is then absolutely pinned to the king by the attacking piece.
The blog attracted worldwide attention from writers on the subject of parenting.
The Blond Bombers is a name used by several tag teams in professional wrestling.
The blue and white printed calico was first worn by local farmers and fishermen.
The Blue Eagles are the helicopter aerobatic team of the British Army Air Corps.
The Blues Brothers Band Live in Montreux is an album by The Blues Brothers band.
The Blues sustained heavy casualties in the Battle of Murfreesboro in Tennessee.
The Bluetick Coonhound is a breed of Coonhound originating in the United States.
The board administers selections for state job openings and civil service exams.
The board is responsible for administering the Mine Subsidence Compensation Act.
The boats are considered to be the prototypes of what are now called bass boats.
The Boleyn family were a prominent English family in the gentry and aristocracy.
The Bonneterre is a major host rock for the lead ores of the Missouri Lead Belt.
The book and albums explore the field of what Chusid coined as "outsider music".
The book and its conclusions were challenged by several subsequent publications.
The book covers the history of the development of barbed wire and the inventors.
The book features Chief Inspector Chen Cao and his friend/sidekick Detective Yu.
The book follows SkyClan six months after Firestar and Sandstorm left the gorge.
The book illustrates UNIX application programming in the C programming language.
The book is his first on the issue of voluntary euthanasia and assisted suicide.
The book is part of the Cambria Sinophone World Series headed by Victor H. Mair.
The Book of the Dead was placed in the coffin or burial chamber of the deceased.
The book was a major influence upon William S. Burroughs and other Beat writers.
The book was honored by the American Library Association as an ALA Notable Book.
The book was the manual and had some tutorials explaining how a raytracer works.
The book was written by Jayne Rockmill and photography was provided by Ben Fink.
The borough is located east of the City of London and north of the River Thames.
The Boston Celtics are an American professional basketball team based in Boston.
The Boston Mountains ecoregion has been subdivided into two Level IV ecoregions.
The Botanical Garden opens in early May and is open daily for the summer season.
The Botswana High Court has been at the forefront of LGBT rights in the country.
The bottom of the lagoon is also mostly pebbles and rocks and is fairly shallow.
The bottom of the slope being used should be a wide area free from obstructions.
The boundaries of this constituency were the same as the member state of France.
The bowl barrow is a scheduled monument considered to be of national importance.
The bowl was torn down during World War II to make way for a US Army Mail Depot.
The bow rubbing the string causes vibration which the instrument emits as sound.
The Boyce Thompson Arboretum State Park is said to be on the site of Pinal City.
The Boysen Dam is a rockfill dam on the Wind River in the U.S. state of Wyoming.
The brains behind First Avenue Records were Oliver Smallman and Denis Ingoldsby.
The branches also acted as enquiry centers about life in the opposite countries.
The branch has been described as an "ideological powerhouse" of the Labor Party.
The branch was four miles in length and a single track with standard gage track.
The brand is particularly well known for its distinctive yellow and orange tins.
The Brazilian Paratroopers Brigade is an airborne brigade of the Brazilian Army.
The Brecknock Society and Museum Friends are closely associated with the museum.
The bridge crosses White Cart Water at the confluence with the Black Cart River.
The bridge currently carries a single lane of road controlled by traffic lights.
The bridge was designed by Christopher Firbank and built by Kennards of Crumlin.
The Brigade administered the regular infantry regiments of the English Midlands.
The brigade was initially raised as part of the Indian Army during World War II.
The Bristol Pullman was a named passenger train operating in the United Kingdom.
The British abandoned the city and it was surrendered to Jackson by the Spanish.
The British avifauna consists of the birds which have occurred in Great Britain.
The British monitoring station was disguised as a shop that sold tweed clothing.
The British set her on fire when they evacuated Toulon in December of that year.
The British surrendered and their weapons and ammunition were seized by the IRA.
The broad and fertile Teifi valley is ideal for dairy farming and mixed farming.
The Broadway version starred Isabel Irving and Robert Loraine in the lead roles.
The Brogberg lies entirely within the territory of the municipality of Elmstein.
The Brokerage Citylink is a charitable organization based in the City of London.
The Brooklyn and Montauk extended the line to Eastport while leased to the LIRR.
The brothers launched their own content studio called Monozygotic Solutions Pvt.
The Brown Berets were inspired by and often compared to the Black Panther Party.
The BRU is also campaigning for more wheelchair accessible and clean air busses.
The B station provided enough electricity to power roughly half a million homes.
The BTB/POZ domain is a common structural domain contained within some proteins.
The budget for the film did not allow for a new song to be written and produced.
The building exhibits features of the Shingle Style and Adirondack Architecture.
The building features an eclectic mix of Colonial Revival and Craftsman styling.
The building features a round tower with a conical roof and glass block windows.
The building features three floors of television studio space for City and Omni.
The building has a complicated construction molding and novel exterior features.
The building has a modest red brick facade with minimal ornamentation or detail.
The building has been converted to lofts and is now known as "South Park Lofts."
The building has been refurbished and stands as part of Pancho Villa State Park.
The building has since been renovated and is now Central Mountain Middle School.
The building has the single largest lift and escalator installation in Zimbabwe.
The building has the status of an object of cultural heritage of regional value.
The building includes The High Room with a magnificent ceiling by William Smith.
The building is being developed by Westbank Projects Corporation on Howe Street.
The building is constructed of local granite and locally manufactured red brick.
The building is listed individually on the National Register of Historic Places.
The building is listed on the Danish Registry of Protected Buildings and Places.
The building is located along Piura street and its interior is lined with shops.
The building is located five kilometers outside of Downtown Bandar Seri Begawan.
The building is located on the southwest corner of the Carrollton Public Square.
The building is now used by the Bournedale Civic Association as a meeting space.
The building is the oldest existing Danish Lutheran church in the United States.
The building reflects the impact railroads had on Missoula early in its history.
The building remains architecturally intact from the period of its construction.
The buildings include notable examples of the Late Victorian and Federal styles.
The buildings in the area are made up predominantly of stone cottages and farms.
The buildings of a tower brewery are arranged as a tower with around six floors.
The building stands on the southern edge of the Gdansk Forest area of Bydgoszcz.
The buildings were then converted to a variety of light manufacturing interests.
The building was converted into a mansion and later reverted to being a nunnery.
The building was designed by Willoughby J. Edbrooke and Franklin Pierce Burnham.
The building was first owned by the Widefield School District in El Paso County.
The building was named the Don Enrique T. Yuchengco Hall in honor of his father.
The building was originally built to house the warehouse of a wholesale grocery.
The building was owned by the London Borough of Havering Council and leased out.
The building was rumored to be made of stone but was more likely a log building.
The Bulgarian cosmonaut program refers to human spaceflight efforts by Bulgaria.
The Bulls played their home games at the Birmingham Jefferson Convention Center.
The bureau also administratively supports the Iowa Board of Veterinary Medicine.
The Bureau of Reclamation owns Farr Pump plant while Northern Water operates it.
The Burning Crusade is the first expansion set for the MMORPG World of Warcraft.
The Burning Shore is a novel by Wilbur Smith set during and after World War One.
The Burnley Coalfield is the most northerly portion of the Lancashire Coalfield.
The business and economics building at Morgan State University is named for him.
The business became successful enough to eventually set up its own record label.
The business of the synod is conducted by the synod council throughout the year.
The bus station is situated at Market Place and consists of six stands in total.
The butterflies feed on nectar from various plants as their primary food source.
The butter has a natural golden color as a result of high levels of carotenoids.
The cabinet must be exhausted by a specifically designed fan and exhaust system.
The cabinet must gain the support of the Regular members in order to pass bills.
The Cabinet of Jordan is led by the Prime Minister who is appointed by the King.
The Cabinet of Moldova is the chief executive body of the government of Moldova.
The Cachet Center is a small strip mall that services mainly to local residents.
The Cagayan Valley languages are a group of languages spoken in the Philippines.
The calamistrum is found on the upper margin of the metatarsus of the hind legs.
The calcaneocuboid joint is the joint between the calcaneus and the cuboid bone.
The Calgary Flames and the Vancouver Canucks both missed the playoffs this year.
The Cambodian Open is the first professional golf tournament hosted in Cambodia.
The Cambridge School was established by Mr. Collins and Mrs. Flavia Albuquerque.
The Camellia Grill is a landmark diner in the Carrollton section of New Orleans.
The camp is located on Canoe Island in the San Juan Islands in Washington state.
The campus and some institutions are owned by Flint Cultural Center Corporation.
The campus includes the Wincanton Community Sports Center and West Hill Nursery.
The campus of Tuality Community Hospital is across Baseline Street to the south.
The Canadian Alpine Journal is the yearly magazine of the Alpine Club of Canada.
The Canadian Council of Technicians and Technologists offers this certification.
The Canadian University Dubai offers education based on the Canadian curriculum.
The candidate list of the Party of the Future was filled with Dutch celebrities.
The Candy Cane Mountains contain numerous belemnites from the Cretaceous period.
The canvas in the cupola depicts the Holy Family with St Anne by Marco Cardisco.
The Cape Town Book Fair has since proved hugely popular with the general public.
The captions are in French but English and Vietnamese translations are provided.
The cards and game play are inspired by films based on Marvel Comics characters.
The card was highlighted by two traditional Survivor Series elimination matches.
The card with a hole closest to the X in the center of the target is the winner.
The Caribbean National Labor Party was a political party in Trinidad and Tobago.
The Carnelian Throne is a science fantasy novel by American writer Janet Morris.
The Carpenter is the seventh studio album by folk rock group The Avett Brothers.
The Carroll County Times changed hands several times over the next twenty years.
The cart style is determined principally by the type of food served at the cart.
The case addressed defamation and the right to anonymous speech on the Internet.
The Casebook of Gregory Hood was a radio detective program in the United States.
The case is a contributor to the development of international environmental law.
The case is currently remanded to the lower district court to determine damages.
The Casino Job is an independent action film directed by Christopher Robin Hood.
The castle is located in the Parish of Clonmany in the Barony of Inishowen East.
The castle was built on the north bank of the river Aller above the flood plain.
The castle was originally built on a small island in the north end of a sea bay.
The cataloged projects are often able to run in several other operating systems.
The catchphrase for the bikes sold by the firm was "Forever Bike Forever Value".
The caterpillars feed mainly on plants of the Onagraceae and Rubiaceae families.
The cat has since starred in other television programs and in two feature films.
The Cathedral Church of the Incarnation is the seat of the Bishops of Nashville.
The cathedral retains much of its medieval decoration and stained glass windows.
The Catholic Church distinguishes between "formal heresy" and "material heresy".
The cause of action is typically brought by creditors or by bankruptcy trustees.
The cause of pericarditis is believed to be most often due to a viral infection.
The cave is located on privately owned land and is not accessible to the public.
The CCEMTP is held at UMBC or through participating sites licensed through UMBC.
The CDA is also responsible for representing the Canadian fleet internationally.
The CDP comprises the town of Tonawanda minus its subsidiary village of Kenmore.
The CDP is named after a small lake in the south part of the town of Duanesburg.
The CDP of Brice Prairie is located in the western part of the Town of Onalaska.
The CD version has a QuickTime video of the performance on the enhanced section.
The cell can be installed in compression with mortar or hung with metal anchors.
The cell line was initially harvested from a soft tissue tumor in a Swiss mouse.
The cemetery was also among the few consecrated by Union and Confederate clergy.
The center also receives supports from the Singapore Economic Development Board.
The center inspires and recognizes exemplary reporting on children and families.
The center is home to everything required by a candidate during their selection.
The center is owned and operated by British leisure group Merlin Entertainments.
The center of operations in located at Teknobyen Innovation Center in Trondheim.
The center provides spaces for community activities and parties or celebrations.
The central area of the stadium was used for rugby league by the Medway Dragons.
The Central Otago District is part of what is informally known as Central Otago.
The ceramic materials used are not the same as porcelain type ceramic materials.
The ceremony was hosted by Davina McCall and broadcast on ITV the following day.
The Ceuthomadarinae are a subfamily of small moths in the family Lecithoceridae.
The Chad national rugby union team represents Chad in international rugby union.
The chairman of the Presidium is associate president Chief Rabbi Ephraim Mirvis.
The Chairman of the Tyumen Oblast Duma is presiding officer of that legislature.
The Chairperson and at least four other members of the Board must be indigenous.
The champions from Taiwan did not allow a run or a hit in the entire tournament.
The championship consisted of a road cycling road race event and a team pursuit.
The championship draws local surf greats and spectators to the beach every year.
The championships act as a qualifier for the World Junior Curling Championships.
The championship started with a group stage and progressed to a knock out stage.
The changes in agriculture significantly altered and changed global populations.
The channel features localized advertising and sponsorship for the Irish market.
The channel focus on youth oriented programs and with a great emphasis on music.
The channel is available nationwide without any regional variation in schedules.
The channelosome is frequently clustered within a lipid microdomain or caveolae.
The channel provided devotional programming for followers of the hindu religion.
The channels are formed by large protein complexes that run across the membrane.
The channel was completely automated by listener voting with no DJ interruption.
The channel was listed in the Shopping section of the Sky Digital program guide.
The channel was recently launched in Mauritius on the Parabole Maurice Platform.
The channel will exclusively be available through Virgin Media Ireland services.
The chant consists of at least the current price and the asking price to outbid.
The chanter is the part of the bagpipe upon which the player creates the melody.
The chapel is designated as a "Category A" listed building by Historic Scotland.
The characterisation of this violence as genocide is controversial and disputed.
The character is originally from The Philippines and has strong Filipino values.
The characteristics of the ships depend somewhat from where the ship originated.
The characters here are found and are developed in the Horus Heresy book series.
The characters listed here are shown with the year in which they first appeared.
The characters racism proved the topic of debate and provided social commentary.
The character was inspired by the one played by Glenn Close in Fatal Attraction.
The character was partially inspired by the James Bond villain Auric Goldfinger.
The character was renowned and iconic for his absurd and unrealistic storylines.
The charity is founded by Nepalese comedians Sitaram Kattel and Kunjana Ghimire.
The charter also usually provide for rights of recourse to the Queen in Council.
The Chavasse family in the West Midlands is a British family of Huguenot origin.
The Cheltenham Rugby Festival rugby league nines event has also been held there.
The chemical industry comprises the companies that produce industrial chemicals.
The Cherokee Artists Association has over one hundred Native Artists as members.
The Cherokee "living museum" is operated by the Cherokee Historical Association.
The Chess Federation of Zambia is the national organization for chess in Zambia.
The Chicago Tribune openly mocked the move and called Saltwell a hot dog vendor.
The Chief Justice of the Cook Islands is the head of the Cook Islands judiciary.
The Chief Magistrate is the principal judicial officer of the Magistrates Court.
The Chief Minister of Bihar is the chief executive of the Indian state of Bihar.
The Chiltern Main Line/London to Aylesbury Line runs to the west of the station.
The Chinese government made a formal protest at the bombardment of a civil port.
The Chipmunk Songbook is an album by Alvin and the Chipmunks with David Seville.
The chocolate shell may be studded with confectionery and mixed with flavorings.
The choir has performed at venues ranging from Carnegie Hall to the White House.
The chorus regularly performs in Carnegie Hall and other New York concert halls.
The chosen properties must describe either the black square or the white circle.
The Christian Protestant Angkola Church is a Lutheran denomination in Indonesia.
The Christmas Oratorio is by far the longest and most complex work of the three.
The Chromebook Pixel is part of the Google Pixel series of consumer electronics.
The chromomeres are present during leptotene phase of prophase I during meiosis.
The chronological list in the report has numerous further details of endowments.
The Chrysler versions of that vehicle are not notable enough to earn an article.
The Churcampa Province is a province located in the Huancavelica Region of Peru.
The Church and universities soon found the output of books beyond their control.
The church contains monuments and tablets to the family of Admiral Robert Blake.
The church gives its name to the San Marcuola vaporetto stop on the Grand Canal.
The church has been positively reviewed by the ecumenical Ship of Fools website.
The Churchills are an indie pop/rock foursome from the New York/New Jersey area.
The church is a Grade I listed building and has a fine series of wall paintings.
The church is an architecturally significant work of architect Patrick C. Keely.
The church is a registered national monument along with the attached presbytery.
The church is devoted to St John the Baptist who is known for truth and justice.
The church is seen as a good example of English Georgian religious architecture.
The church lies in the Roman Catholic diocese of Leeds and deanery of Harrogate.
The church may have served as the seat of the Byzantine bishop of Soterioupolis.
The Church of England parish church for Marown is St Runius church in Glen Vine.
The church of Nassau holds one of the last organs built by Gottfried Silbermann.
The church was built with red brick with stone decorations and a wooden cornice.
The Cincinnati Playhouse in the Park is a regional theater in the United States.
The circular mort house was designed with a revolving platform and double doors.
The circumscription of Rondeletia has varied greatly from one author to another.
The cities of Brook Park and Middleburg Heights form most of the western border.
The city also incorporates the former village of Jindowal apart from Banga town.
The City Assembly decides on the conferment of honorary citizenship of the City.
The city contains a number of notable modern buildings and engineering projects.
The City is also home to several monuments having great historical significance.
The city is a municipality and also the mandal headquarters of Proddatur mandal.
The city is divided into four wards which are approximately equal in population.
The city is managed by Tehsil Municipal Administration headed by a tehsil nazim.
The city is supposedly named after the city and canton of Geneva in Switzerland.
The City of Holland is adjacent to the south and is administratively autonomous.
The city of Norwich is surrounded on all sides by the northern part of the town.
The City of Plymouth is entirely surrounded by the Charter Township of Plymouth.
The city of Puerto Cabello is the shire town of the Puerto Cabello Municipality.
The City of San Diego is one of several jurisdictions participating in the MSCP.
The City of Westminster is an Inner London borough which also holds city status.
The city of Wisconsin Dells eventually abandoned the library for a new building.
The city served as the main port for the Texas Navy during the Texas Revolution.
The city serves as the center of trade and commerce in the province of Bukidnon.
The civil defense figures were corrected the following night by the ship owners.
The civil parish of Lambeg covers areas of County Down as well as County Antrim.
The civil parish stretches south to the River Stour and northwards towards Acol.
The Class B signal covers Southeastern Virginia and Northeastern North Carolina.
The Clattern Bridge is a bridge over the Hogsmill River in Kingston upon Thames.
The CLH participated in the Battle of Vimy Ridge and the Hundred Days Offensive.
The clinical features of this condition are protean and it may be easily missed.
The clinic expanded to treat other patients who did not require hospitalization.
The club also holds bingo nights and does meals through the week and on Sundays.
The club also organizes a number of social events and balls throughout the year.
The club compete in the West Region of the Scottish Junior Football Association.
The club currently competes in the A division of the Regional Basketball League.
The club currently plays at an amateur level in a local league as Banat Arsenal.
The club enjoys panoramic views both of the South Downs and the English Channel.
The club fields all senior and junior sides alongside the Corryong Netball Club.
The Club has almost stopped granting new memberships due to a large member base.
The club is based in the regional city of Cobram located in north east Victoria.
The club is better known for both its association football and basketball teams.
The club is coached by Damien Hardwick and its current captain is Trent Cotchin.
The club operates from Davis Park in a partnership with Hindmarsh Shire Council.
The club plays at Loyola Soccer Park on the campus of Loyola University Chicago.
The club plays in the Second League of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The club provides support and coaching for all levels from beginner to advanced.
The club was formed by the amalgamation of the St George and Port Hacking clubs.
The club was originally named Sport Club Ulbra and then Universidade Sport Club.
The coalbed methane is produced from the Pennsylvanian Pottsville Coal Interval.
The coal for the plant is sourced from Dharamjaigarh coal block in Chhattisgarh.
The coaster was designed by Curtis D. Summers and built by the Dinn Corporation.
The coastline of the North Sea has been evolving since the last glacier receded.
The coat of arms of the DYMM Sultan Perak symbolizes the highness of the Sultan.
The Coats Steamer was an American steam automobile promotion by George A. Coats.
The code is used at eight telephone exchanges as part a linked numbering scheme.
The code prescribed punishment for property crimes and limited court procedures.
The codes in the "Recordings" column are specified in the "Discography" section.
The coil is then slit to the desired width through the process of roll slitting.
The COLCOA French Film Festival is open to professionals and the general public.
The Coldren Opera House was located on the street which has now become the mall.
The collection also presents a number of videoclips to illustrate the materials.
The College Green has been frequently referenced in Athens literature and music.
The college has been named after former President of India Fakhruddin Ali Ahmed.
The college is about three kilometers from the Kasama Central Business District.
The college is affiliated with University of Rajasthan and is approved by AICTE.
The College is a National Alternative Fuels Training Consortium training center.
The College is based around a residential campus in the small locality of Dooen.
The college is today one of the largest engineering institutions in South India.
The college provides technical as well as management courses in various streams.
The college serves residents of the Merrimack Valley and Southern New Hampshire.
The college was established by the Northwest Conference of the Methodist Church.
The college was patterned after the model of Olivet College and Oberlin College.
The Colloquy is the first scholarly weblog to be operated by a major law review.
The Cologne Centurions were an American football team that played in NFL Europe.
The Colorado General Assembly is the state legislature of the State of Colorado.
The colorless liquid is an important aroma component of aged beer and buckwheat.
The colors used epitomize the traditional colors of the United States and Samoa.
The Columbia is one of the first breeds of sheep developed in the United States.
The Columbia Years is a compilation recording by American guitarist Chet Atkins.
The column "District" indicates the Moscow district where the church is located.
The Commentarii Principis were the register of the official acts of the emperor.
The commentary had a tendency to lean towards Christian beliefs during the show.
The Commission also gives advice and information about the standards that apply.
The Commission has adopted important bylaws to govern its duties and procedures.
The Commission has given its first set of recommendations to the new government.
The Commission then appoints an Executive Director to administer the Department.
The Commission was originally mandated to submit its report within three months.
The common name and Latin binomial commemorate the German botanist Georg Zenker.
The common names were derived from the domed shaped cases created by the larvae.
The Common Review is the online literary magazine of the Great Books Foundation.
The commune of Gashoho is a commune of Muyinga Province in northeastern Burundi.
The commune of Gasorwe is a commune of Muyinga Province in northeastern Burundi.
The commune of Muyinga is a commune of Muyinga Province in northeastern Burundi.
The commune of Mwakiro is a commune of Muyinga Province in northeastern Burundi.
The communication distance is the distance between the speaker and the listener.
The community derives its name from the beech trees near the elevated town site.
The community is also located near the site of a former Cherokee Indian village.
The community is just outside the boundaries of the Quinault Indian Reservation.
The community is located adjacent to the city of Fond du Lac and Lake Winnebago.
The community is located adjacent to the unincorporated community of Taycheedah.
The community is located at the confluence of Chloride Creek with Mineral Creek.
The community is located on Missouri Route BB along a ridge southeast of Elayer.
The community is referred to as Lakeview Park on topographic maps and by locals.
The community is situated within a gap in Little North Mountain and Flint Ridge.
The community most likely was named after the local Imperial Glass Sand Company.
The community of Garrett Hill is in Radnor Township and in the Rosemont section.
The community of McGregor Heights lies in the southern parts of the city limits.
The community was named for a grove of cherry trees near the original town site.
The community was named for a landmark shingled inn near the original town site.
The community was named for a turnpike intersection near the original town site.
The community was named for native baneberry bushes near the original town site.
The community was named for there being a well dug into rock near the town site.
The community was owned and operated as a company town until after World War II.
The community was so named for the fact antlers once were recovered in the area.
The community was so named for the frequently windy conditions at the town site.
The community was so named in the expectation a nearby mine would pay dividends.
The community was so named on account of pine trees near the original town site.
The company accepted money order payments or check payments through postal mail.
The company also developed video sharing websites Videogaga.lt and Videogaga.lv.
The company also offers bus chartering services to individuals and corporations.
The company also sells physical "gimmix" to complement their magic applications.
The company claims its newsletter has subscribers in over one hundred countries.
The company derived more of its revenues in Australia than in any other country.
The company developed a digital signature system based on blockchain technology.
The company filed for bankruptcy protection and all future events were canceled.
The company focused entirely on PC titles for a short time before shutting down.
The company generates analytics from Big Data pertaining to the retail industry.
The company has announced that it will target small and medium sized businesses.
The company has its headquarters in Oslo and a research department in Trondheim.
The company has worked with bagpiper Willie McCallum to design several products.
The company hired Captain J. Reeves to supervise the construction of the vessel.
The company intend to develop shale gas in the UK by using hydraulic fracturing.
The company is active in the development of the Al Zariba / North Kurdufan area.
The company is classified under newspaper publishing and printing manufacturers.
The company is currently run by Elena Zambon who is the daughter of the founder.
The company is recognized for pioneering film links between India and Australia.
The company offers dubbing and subtitling for TV channels and film distributors.
The company operated from the south terminal at Vancouver International Airport.
The company operated under the business name The Word Memory Sports Association.
The company owns radio stations and magazines in the United States and Slovakia.
The Company promotes environmental cleanliness through charitable contributions.
The company provides fixed telephony and Internet services of national coverage.
The company sells a variety of products through a print catalog and its website.
The company specialized in the design and manufacture of composite kit aircraft.
The company takes a fast fashion approach to product development and production.
The company uses digital video exclusively and edits its projects on PowerBooks.
The company was a subsidiary of Terra Markets that is owned by Norne Securities.
The company was founded as Particle Systems by Glyn Williams and Michael Powell.
The company was founded by David Ward and Jon Woods and was based in Manchester.
The company was founded by Norm Carey and operated under a risky business model.
The company was later sold to the prominent banking family of Leopold Sonnemann.
The competition consisted of four divisions across the state of New South Wales.
The competition remains a feature event on the annual greyhound racing calendar.
The competition was open to all professional and amateur soccer teams in Canada.
The competition was won by Meryl Davis and Charlie White from the United States.
The compilation has a new song and an unreleased track from Rock the Foe Hammer.
The complex is adjacent to a model village originally built for the millworkers.
The complex participates in the initiation and elongation stages of replication.
The composer himself adapted the libretto from a dramatic poem by Ivan Kocherga.
The compound of five tetrahedra is one of the five regular polyhedral compounds.
The Comrades Association played a very influential role in the Andhra Mahasabha.
The CONCACAF Champions League winner qualifies for the next FIFA Club World Cup.
The concept became a staple of the spy thriller genre in the later Cold War era.
The concept is similar to all different spectral colors combining to form white.
The concept is usually referenced to the work of Jesse Ausubel and Iddo Wernick.
The concept of DFI should complement and work in collaboration with DFM and DFA.
The concept of the album revolves around the opening of a shopping mall in hell.
The concept was a factor in battleship design and in tactics during engagements.
The concerts series was written by Brady Beaubien and conducted by Justin Freer.
The concert video has also been released in a variety of guises as a live album.
The concert was one of the first examples of lasers used at a live rock concert.
The Conchords are joined by a charity supergroup made up of New Zealand singers.
The concluding section propounds that the Christians are the true people of God.
The concrete curb for the platform edge and the access road are all that remain.
The Concretes is the debut studio album by Swedish indie pop band The Concretes.
The conference featured both lectures and workshops on various different topics.
The conference was chaired by the Kenyan Foreign Affairs Minister Amina Mohamed.
The Connacht Rugby squad features a number of players who played for Galwegians.
The Connecticut Superior Court is the state trial court of general jurisdiction.
The Constant is the fourth studio album by American rock band Story of the Year.
The constituency centers on the western part of Birbhum district in West Bengal.
The constituency covers the eastern and southern parts of Oxford in Oxfordshire.
The constituency is represented by Martin Whitfield of the Scottish Labor Party.
The constitution of the Council was prescribed by the First Schedule to the Act.
The Constitution of the Year III is the constitution that founded the Directory.
The Constitution of Tuvalu states that the cabinet is responsible to parliament.
The contestant is required to capture ducks using a pole with a hook at one end.
The Continental Divide National Scenic Trail passes through the recreation area.
The contract allows the company to charge a surcharge on top of the normal fare.
The contribution of an individual CT will depend upon the branch or career area.
The control surface connects to the host computer via many different interfaces.
The conventional circumscription of the genus Palaemon is probably paraphyletic.
The Convent of Pleasure is an Early Modern comedy written by Margaret Cavendish.
The copepods are eaten by a second intermediate host to continue the life cycle.
The core domain binds to the membrane and to cargo destined for internalization.
The core focus of these business units was logistic integration and consultancy.
The core of it is to bring attention to the contributions made to the community.
The Cost of Loving is the third studio album by English group The Style Council.
The Council is supported by the National Endowment and by private contributions.
The Council meets with the NIHE once a month to discuss strategy and operations.
The Council would consider additional deployments only when it became necessary.
The Countdown is the fifth studio album by American jazz pianist Mulgrew Miller.
The country also has a flavorful material culture and a tradition in technology.
The Country is a popular poem by iconic Australian writer and poet Henry Lawson.
The country remains among the largest European producers of copper and minerals.
The county has one of the highest median household incomes in the United States.
The county is named in honor of United States Founding Father Benjamin Franklin.
The county lies to the south of the border with the Canadian province of Quebec.
The couple were leading figures in the development of graphical adventure games.
The course circumnavigates the Warm Springs arm of Lake Sonoma on hiking trails.
The course is considered to stand within the conservative evangelical tradition.
The courses are approved by the Maharashtra State Board for Technical Education.
The court also has a witness support program in cooperation with Oslo Red Cross.
The court distinguished between the principles themselves and their application.
The courthouse and adjacent annex are designated a Michigan State Historic Site.
The courthouse is a contributing property in the Chambersburg Historic District.
The courthouse replica is operated by the Illinois Historic Preservation Agency.
The Court is appointed by cabinet on the advice of the House of Representatives.
The court used the "total concept and feel" standard in reaching their decision.
The cousins Hassoun and Fadel had been caught by a U.S. checkpoint after curfew.
The cover art for Obey is a tribute to the painting Andre the Giant Has a Posse.
The cover art was modified to look like a road case which contains a microphone.
The cover claims this is the "first ever disk entirely recorded in outer space".
The cover image of the single also drew praise for its subtlety and originality.
The covers done on this tribute album were recorded by mostly power metal bands.
The Cracker Barrel Exclusive version adds one more track to the regular edition.
The cream and ointment may result in itchiness but are generally well tolerated.
The creation and development of the Nakpadon started during fighting in Lebanon.
The creation of a tool often makes possible the creation of more advanced tools.
The creation of strict liability offenses meant that convictions were increased.
The creature has been featured in the folklore of both Aachen and the Rhineland.
The Creature was played by Ben Chapman on land and by Ricou Browning underwater.
The credit cycle is the expansion and contraction of access to credit over time.
The Crescent Convention Center is owned by The Crescent Convention Center Trust.
The crest above the shield featured a mural crown as symbol of local government.
The crew discovers an alien probe near the malfunctioning Argus Array telescope.
The crew engaged in charting the island and in sounding and dredging operations.
The Crinoniscidae are a family of isopod crustaceans in the suborder Cymothoida.
The criteria based on the Critical Plane Method are the most effective criteria.
The critique has since been revised in several different versions and languages.
The crossover value depends on the mutual distance of the genetic loci observed.
The Crow lost their hunting grounds in the Powder River region to their enemies.
The Crucifixion of St Julia is a triptych by the Dutch painter Hieronymus Bosch.
The Cryptolechiinae are a subfamily of small moths in the family Depressariidae.
The Culture of Bangladesh refers to the way of life of the people of Bangladesh.
The current Director of the Smart Card Center is Dr. Konstantinos Markantonakis.
The current Imam and Director of Religious Affairs of the Masjid is Yusuf Badat.
The current Lennauchfilm studio is one of the largest in the Russian Federation.
The current member of parliament is madam Alice muthoni wahome of jubilee party.
The current Music Director and Conductor of the symphony is Anthony R. Parnther.
The current President of the Holy Synod is Patriarch Theofilos III of Jerusalem.
The current School Principal is Mr. William Kemei who is deputized by Mr. Owala.
The current station facility consists of low level platforms with open shelters.
The current titleholder for Miss Bangladesh US is Marjana Chowdhury of New York.
The current version of the wiring schematic is considered dynamic or changeable.
The current village extends on either side of the valley to the north and south.
The curriculum at The Gerson School closely mirrors that of most home districts.
The curriculum expanded into industrial and commercial subjects in many schools.
The Custos Rotulorum of Donegal was the highest civil officer in County Donegal.
The Custos Rotulorum of Leitrim was the highest civil officer in County Leitrim.
The Dabri Mor Metro Station is a station on the Magenta Line of the Delhi Metro.
The Dagami revolt was a revolt against Spanish colonial rule in the Philippines.
The daily aims to mainly focus on politics of backward castes of andhra pradesh.
The damage caused can be repaired by subjecting the crystal to high temperature.
The damping method includes both active damping method and passive damping tool.
The dance is listed in the Guinness Book of World Records as largest folk dance.
The dance mix version of the song peaked at number thirteen on the dance charts.
The Dance of Death is the fourth album by English rock group The Scaramanga Six.
The dance performed today is a modern composition unrelated to the Hill version.
The Dancers leave the stage and lena is joined by the mime Artist Adrian Hedley.
The Danish Physical Society is the national association for physics for Denmark.
The Danish team was a selection of players from Copenhagen Football Association.
The Darlington Memorial Fountain is a gilded bronze statue by C. Paul Jennewein.
The darts are used to detonate or deactivate land mines in beach and surf zones.
The data are stored as records which are connected to one another through links.
The database is closely associated with the National Public Transport Gazetteer.
The data may be hosted by the journal or hosted separately in a data repository.
The date is chosen as the middle of the term that the sitters served as regents.
The David Lynch Foundation presented him with the first Lifetime of Bliss Award.
The day is marked in some Asian countries where Theravada Buddhism is practiced.
The Day session is for male students and Evening session is for female students.
The day was used to underline the values and principles of the Afrikaner people.
The dealkalization of water refers to the removal of alkalinity ions from water.
The debate surrounds the ethics and alleged economic implications of fair trade.
The decisions made by groups are often different from those made by individuals.
The "de Comonfort" part of the name is in homage to President Ignacio Comonfort.
The decoration in sunken relief shows mainly Mose in front of different deities.
The deerstalker is a type of hat associated with Sherlock Holmes and Elmer Fudd.
The defendants eventually pleaded guilty to misdemeanor violations of labor law.
The defendants in the court can be both military personnel as well as civilians.
The defending Pan American Games champion is Brady Ellison of the United States.
The defending Pan American Games champion is Jamie Beyerle of the United States.
The defending Pan American Games champion is Kibwe Johnson of the United States.
The defending Pan American Games champion is Mikele Barber of the United States.
The defending Pan American Games champion is Sara Slattery of the United States.
The defending Pan American Games champion was Chloe Sutton of the United States.
The defending Pan American Games champion was Fran Crippen of the United States.
The defending Pan American Games champion was Gillian Ryan of the United States.
The defending Pan American Games champion was Lara Jackson of the United States.
The defending Pan American Games champion was Sean Mahoney of the United States.
The deficiency is transmitted through an autosomal dominant inheritance pattern.
The degree of Doctor of Canon Law was replaced by the DCL after the Reformation.
The Deltec Cozmo also used a different scrolling mechanism than the Animas Ping.
The Democratic Union Coalition was a coalition of political parties in Mongolia.
The Democrats controlled one hundred percent of both the senate and house seats.
The demo was recorded by Paul Draper alone with guitar overdubs by Dominic Chad.
The denomination affirms the Apostles Creed and Westminster Confession of Faith.
The department maintains a fleet of Ford Police Interceptors and Ford Explorers.
The Department of Energy and Mines is a part of the Government of New Brunswick.
The depot has a wheel lathe that is visited by NSW TrainLink Endeavors and XPTs.
The depots in Buxton and Matlock which were transferred to Trent Motor Traction.
The depot was situated on the Midland Main Line and was near St Pancras station.
The derivative expression de lege ferenda means "with a view to the future law".
The descendants of these original Semeiskie have lived in the region ever since.
The description is given by Strabo who attributes the information to Posidonius.
The description of motion in relativity requires more than one concept of speed.
The Desulfurobacteriaceae family are bacteria belonging to the Aquificae phylum.
The details of the proposal also change significantly upon different retellings.
The determinant of an Alexander matrix is the Alexander polynomial for the knot.
The development has won prizes for design and environmentally friendly approach.
The development will stretch from Al Shindagha to the creekside of Business Bay.
The device has several additional functions for Japan customers from Xperia Arc.
The device is not freely available in that the vendor requires a PayPal account.
The device is used to cool beverages being served on tap in temporary locations.
The device was powered by a replaceable battery with ten years of expected life.
The Dhanur lake reservoir is now often referred to simply as the Ottu reservoir.
The Diamond Match Company has its roots in several nineteenth century companies.
The dictionary is provided in XML format and is available to the general public.
The Dictum of Kenilworth was later incorporated into the Statute of Marlborough.
The difference between the two signals was amplified and used to raise an alarm.
The digital distribution is handled by Independent Online Distribution Alliance.
The DIGS interview has gone through a number of revisions since being published.
The dike breaks and floods caused widespread devastation in Zeeland and Holland.
The Diocese of False Bay is a diocese in the Anglican Church of Southern Africa.
The Diocese of Lacubaza is now a titular bishopric of the Roman Catholic Church.
The diocese of Nebbio and its territory were assigned to the Diocese of Ajaccio.
The Diocese of Swaziland is a diocese in the Anglican Church of Southern Africa.
The discipline required to plan out each shot is a useful pedagogical technique.
The discography of Krayzie Bone consists of four studio albums and four singles.
The discography of Swedish singer Sanna Nielsen consists of eight studio albums.
The disease is caused by a defect in an enzyme known as aspartylglucosaminidase.
The dish is one of the most popular noodle dishes in Chinese Indonesian cuisine.
The dish shows the influence of both Central European and Mediterranean cuisine.
The dispersion behavior of this oil has also been the subject of a lot of study.
The distribution is geared towards people who prefer a lightweight distribution.
The district centered on the town of Narrogin in the southern part of the state.
The district elected Progressive Conservative candidates for its entire history.
The district has been noted for being run in a very fiscally responsible manner.
The district has its headquarters in Building B in the Wynne Unit in Huntsville.
The district serves Iola and unincorporated areas in northwestern Grimes County.
The district serves Mount Enterprise and portions of unincorporated Rusk County.
The district was based on the rural town of Beverley lying to the east of Perth.
The district was originally based around Hammond and parts of surrounding areas.
The Division of Barrier was an Australian Electoral Division in New South Wales.
The Division of Curtin is an Australian Electoral Division in Western Australia.
The Division of Darling was an Australian Electoral Division in New South Wales.
The Division of Tasmania was an Australian Electoral Division covering Tasmania.
The division was behind on a contract to deliver disk files to General Electric.
The documents mentioned in the search report usually form part of the prior art.
The Dominica Football Association is the governing body of football in Dominica.
The dorsal lobe also contains motor neurons which controls the antennal muscles.
The dorsal scapular vein is a vein which accompanies the dorsal scapular artery.
The double reverse spin is a ballroom dance used in the waltz and the quickstep.
The downloadable content was originally only to Xbox Live and Games for Windows.
The Drunken Sailor and other Kids Favorites is an album by Tim Hart and Friends.
The Duiker was a parasol wing monoplane in a period where the biplane held sway.
The dunes are also designated as a wildlife site by the Scottish Wildlife Trust.
The duo began performing throughout the Los Angeles area and gained recognition.
The duodenal bulb begins at the pylorus and ends at the neck of the gallbladder.
The duo worked with Jason Ingram and Paul Mabury in the production of the album.
The DVD also features favorites from the previous two albums Genesis and Abacab.
The DVD featured rehearsal footage for their Thanksgiving Live in Dome concerts.
The DVD is a live recording that was recorded at New Birth Cathedral in Atlanta.
The DVD release includes live footage from different venues throughout the tour.
The DVD was released as a "Complete Season" featuring all of the aired episodes.
The Dwarves will be published by EuroVideo Medien and made available on GOG.com.
The Eagle Falls are on the Drysdale River in the Kimberley of Western Australia.
The EAM is candidate for use in external modulation links in telecommunications.
The early sixteenth century was a turning point in the history of both polities.
The ears of a chizer are medium in length and can stand erect when at attention.
The Earth Gods is a literary work written by poet and philosopher Kahlil Gibran.
The Earth track "A Plague of Angels" later appeared on their album Hibernaculum.
The eastbound connection passed under the City Subway to avoid a grade crossing.
The East Buttress Route is a technical climbing routes up Middle Cathedral Rock.
The eastern part is called the Lai LLG and the western part called the Wage LLG.
The eastern ramparts of this crater merge with the edge of the Mare Moscoviense.
The economic state of the country and the world are major features of the novel.
The economy is dominated by local agriculture and the nearby Mosaic Potash mine.
The ecoregion is critically endangered due to conversion into agricultural land.
The ecosystem approach is a conceptual framework for resolving ecosystem issues.
The Ecovillage Training Center is a "total immersion school" for sustainability.
The edifice still has the highest number of floors of any building in the state.
The Edmonton Road Runners were an ice hockey team in the American Hockey League.
The Education Evaluation Commission is an agency of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
The effect can be maximized by careful design of the inlet and exhaust passages.
The effort was aimed at overcoming disunity in the Continuing Anglican movement.
The eggs have also been held as particularly peculiar in being nearly spherical.
The egg white sometimes employed in other whiskey sours is not usually included.
The Egyptian government also closed the Rafah Border Crossing to the Gaza Strip.
The EJ publishes papers from all areas of economics and has eight issues a year.
The Ekek can transform into a huge bird or bat at night to prowl in the form of.
Theekkathir is a Tamil newspaper ran by Toiling Masses Welfare Trust Tamil Nadu.
The Ekpeye are the indigenous people of Ahoada and the Ekpeye dialect is spoken.
The election coincided with a U.S. Senate election and a gubernatorial election.
The election commission responded saying that the allegations would be examined.
The election took place on the same day as elections to the European Parliament.
The election was held at the same time as a referendum on recall and initiative.
The embassies of France and South Africa also subscribe to this local newspaper.
The Embassy of Moldova in Moscow is the diplomatic mission of Moldova to Russia.
The Embassy of Nicaragua in Lima is the diplomatic mission of Nicaragua in Peru.
The Embassy of Ukraine in Minsk is the diplomatic mission of Ukraine in Belarus.
The Embassy of Ukraine in Warsaw is the diplomatic mission of Ukraine in Poland.
The Eminence Formation or Eminence Dolomite is a geologic formation in Missouri.
The eminent surgeon John Burns was one of the passengers killed in the accident.
The encoded protein is thought to play a crucial role in cone phototransduction.
The encoded protein may be involved in matrix remodeling processes in the liver.
The Encore Collection is a compilation of live tracks recorded by the band Styx.
The Encyclopedia of American Religions described it as a significant periodical.
The engine has achieved top five on most official chess engine Elo rating lists.
The engine was to be used in an Indiana Jones game that has since been canceled.
The English and scientific names commemorate the German explorer Gustav Fischer.
The enhancer trap construct contains a transposable element and a reporter gene.
The ensemble cast was led by Sadhana and Bengali cinema actor Basanta Choudhury.
The ensemble is best known for its collaborations with the NPR program Radiolab.
The ensign must be hoisted on all Singaporean ships on entering or leaving port.
The entire industrial park was razed and high rise office buildings constructed.
The entire project is expected to take decades before being considered complete.
The entire storage configuration is partitioned statically among the processors.
The entrance to High Street Kensington tube station is within Kensington Arcade.
The entry for the pulsar on SIMBAD lists this hypothesis as being controversial.
The EP also features a collaboration with the Scottish rock group Primal Scream.
The EP featured a rather controversial cover which was banned in many countries.
The EP garnered positive reviews from professional music journalists in general.
The episode explores the culture of transgender individuals and gender identity.
The episode features both former companion Martha Jones and the alien Sontarans.
The episode marks the final regular appearance of Jenna Coleman as Clara Oswald.
The episode received generally positive reviews and received an Emmy nomination.
The episodes follow comedian Chelsea Handler as she explores different subjects.
The episodes revisit previous stories with "deeper insight and new information."
The episodes were ultimately held for several months due to a scheduling hiatus.
The episode was written by Abraham Higginbotham and was directed by Scott Ellis.
The episode was written by Cherry Chevapravatdumrong and directed by Cyndi Tang.
The episode was written by Gary Janetti and directed by Michael Dante DiMartino.
The episode was written by Rebecca Sonnenshine and directed by Michael Allowitz.
The episode was written by showrunner Andrew Dabb and directed by Robert Singer.
The episode was written by Thomas Ian Griffith and was directed by Janice Cooke.
The episode was written by Thomas Ian Griffith and was directed by John Behring.
The episode was written by Thomas Ian Griffith and was directed by Paul Kaufman.
The episode was written by Timothy Schlattmann and was directed by Keith Gordon.
The EP received favorable reviews from several magazines and blogs upon release.
The EP was released directly from the group as a ZIP file with no track listing.
The Eritrean passport is issued to citizens of Eritrea for international travel.
The eruption is usually associated with a strongly positive tuberculin reaction.
The Escalade project went into production only ten months after it was approved.
The essay is a criticism of writers and literature from the previous generation.
The Essential Bugs Bunny is a DVD set featuring cartoons focusing on Bugs Bunny.
The Essential Cyndi Lauper is a compilation by American pop singer Cyndi Lauper.
The Essential Daffy Duck is a DVD set featuring cartoons focusing on Daffy Duck.
The Essential Hits is the first greatest hits album from Australian band George.
The Essential Taj Mahal is a "best of" album by American blues artist Taj Mahal.
The estate grounds straddle both Donhead St Andrew and Berwick St John parishes.
The estuary also has three nationally rare plants and a nationally rare mollusc.
The Ethiopian Empire became a part of the Italian colony of Italian East Africa.
The Eurasian Land Bridge is the overland rail link between East Asia and Europe.
The Eureka E.P. is the third E.P. album by Memphis indie rock band The Grifters.
The EuroLeague Finals are the championship finals of the EuroLeague competition.
The European Union is also the third largest trading partner of the Philippines.
The Evangelical Missionary Society used to be active in the area of Niger State.
The event featured wrestlers and other talent that performed on the Raw program.
The event has been held every year since at Margaret River in Western Australia.
The event is hosted by the KHL team Barys Astana and played each year in August.
The event is organized by Mr. Aarne Heino together with local village community.
The event is restricted to those that have not attained the rank of Life Master.
The event moved to the Alexandra Palace from the Coatbridge indoor bowling club.
The events include a "You might be a redneck" joke competition and a Pet Parade.
The events in the story are linked to and precede the outbreak of World War One.
The eventual victor of the Orteig prize was Charles Lindbergh three weeks later.
The event was a catalyst for significant changes to gun laws in New South Wales.
The event was part of the Grand Prix tennis circuit and was held on hard courts.
The evidence regarding gender differences in eyewitness memory is contradictory.
The EVRICUP is a European Veteran event of Roller Hockey disputed by club Teams.
The exact cause of the shooting is unclear and the event is under investigation.
The exams are conducted and supervised by the Federal Public Service Commission.
The exams results are in and Alex is throwing the mother of all leaving parties.
The exceptions are the four paired parasympathetic ganglia of the head and neck.
The exhaustive and comprehensive list can be found at Theater Aotearoa Database.
The exhibit can be accessed at any time off East University Boulevard in Odessa.
The expedition recovered many of the finest specimens of ichthyosaur ever found.
The expensive tableware in the garbage dump was made of ironstone and porcelain.
The experimental number relies on a strong bass line and a simple keyboard riff.
The extension of the blue blotches is significantly smaller than in H. buckleyi.
The extent of the coverage varies depending on the occupation of the individual.
The eyeglasses used have higher focusing power in the lower portion of the lens.
The Faaculty of Medicine is one of nine faculties at the RWTH Aachen University.
The Fabulous Thunderbirds which pointed the band in a more mainstream direction.
The Facebook like button is a feature on the social networking website Facebook.
The facilities at Rutherford Camp were spartan consisting of tent accommodation.
The facility also acted as a backup communications facility for Apollo missions.
The facility is also the current home of the Barnstable County Cataldo Archives.
The factory was used by the railway to make tarpaulins for covering open wagons.
The Faculty of Science is one of the constituent faculties of McGill University.
The failed abduction attempt led police to his involvement in the triple murder.
The Falcon and the Pod is the debut album by American Industrial band aTelecine.
The Falklands War provided the backdrop to the next action of the Royal Marines.
The falls are located a short distance downstream from the mouth of Falls Creek.
The family also lends its name to the Palazzo Aldobrandini on the Quirinal Hill.
The family and genus names are sometimes misspelled as Petromyidae and Petromys.
The family Crenotrichaceae is composed of four genera of environmental bacteria.
The family has been called "one of the most important musical clans in Ireland".
The family included several Jewish scholars and physicians for the royal family.
The family kept the castle as a joint inheritance or Ganerbschaft for centuries.
The family name Richley is an English variation of the French surname Richelieu.
The family Saprospiraceae is composed of three genera of environmental bacteria.
The family seat from which the title derives was Stowe House in Buckinghamshire.
The family traces its roots back to England and the services of King Henry VIII.
The famous Georgian Saint monk Gabriel is buried in the yard of Samtavro Church.
The farmhouse is smong the nine surviving cobblestone buildings in Yates County.
The farm is also a State Historic Site and designated Milwaukee County Landmark.
The Fashionable Lover is a comedy play by the British writer Richard Cumberland.
The fashion industry event is held for fashion professionals and fashion occult.
The fasting and puja on Ahoi Ashtami are dedicated to Mata Ahoi or Goddess Ahoi.
The FDA recommends vaccination before adolescence and potential sexual activity.
The feature is descriptively named from the ice cliffs bounding it to the south.
The feature was charted by the Discovery Investigations and named descriptively.
The feature was named descriptively by one of the Chilean Antarctic expeditions.
The federal government of Canada now owns the mine and has to clean up the site.
The Federal Open Market Committee meets every two months during the fiscal year.
The Federation is the member organization of the International Wushu Federation.
The Ferbane GAA field is located in the town of Ferbane on the Ballycumber Road.
The ferry company Transbordadora Austral Broom S.A. operates across the narrows.
The festival also featured performances by The Road Hammers and Aaron Pritchett.
The Festival also includes music and activities designed for teens and children.
The festival celebrates independent filmmakers in Wisconsin and internationally.
The festival has been held in multiple cities along the Front Range of Colorado.
The festival has mainly old school thrash metal and death and black metal bands.
The festival is centered on rituals where brothers and sisters honor each other.
The festival is probably a relic of ancient demonolatry in the Kathmandu valley.
The festival is unique with different genres of theater melting in the same pot.
The Festival of the Bluegrass helped shape the early bluegrass festival culture.
The fibrous cap is prone to rupture and ulceration which can lead to thrombosis.
The fieldhouse was designed by Solon Spencer Beman in the Arts and Crafts style.
The field of expertise that creates such robots is called "disability robotics".
The field sometimes includes horses which ran previously in the Champion Bumper.
The fifth Baronet sat as a Liberal Member of Parliament for Windsor and Chelsea.
The figure represents the Indian woman "Habana" in whose honor Havana was named.
The figures can be described as a cross between an Action figure and a Lego set.
The file is available for download online in AVI format through various outlets.
The film also introduced child actor Chris Makepeace in the role of Rudy Gerner.
The film also received a standing ovation at the Oaxaca Film Festival in Mexico.
The film also stars Sunil Shetty and Johnny Lever in important supporting roles.
The film also stars Superstar Krishna and Tamil actor Ramki in supporting roles.
The film and associated book were given extensive coverage in the British media.
The film centers around a teenager who is haunted by the ghost of his rock hero.
The film chronicles the struggles of a young Romanian woman trafficked to Italy.
The film crew paid members of the Orkney community to act as extras in the film.
The film deals with the psyche of men and women and their physical relationship.
The film depicts Parker and his friends as they go on summer vacation to Europe.
The film details the dependency of the United States on foreign supplies of oil.
The film explores the tragic fall of feudalism in Bengal during the British Raj.
The film features actors Dibyendu Mukherjee and Rimjhim Gupta in the lead roles.
The film features an early appearance by a young Robert De Niro as Lloyd Barker.
The film features an early performance from Michael Caine in an uncredited role.
The film features Suresh Gopi in a dual role with Sindhu Menon in the lead role.
The film features the soundtrack and original scores composed by V. Harikrishna.
The film follows a group of young people living in the West Texas town of Marfa.
The film follows two adult brothers who set out to find their biological father.
The film follows two young lovers who grew up living on an island in the Indies.
The film gives deep insight into the living conditions of the Afghan population.
The film had musical score by R. K. Shekhar and songs composed by M. K. Arjunan.
The film had musical score by S. P. Venkatesh and songs composed by A. T. Ummer.
The film had musical score by T. G. Lingappa scoring for his first feature film.
The film "introduced" Huntz Hall in his first of the East Side Kids film series.
The film is about an American racing team trying to break the land speed record.
The film is about senior athletes competing at the Worlds Masters Championships.
The film is almost entirely composed of aerial shots of various places on Earth.
The film is a village story based on the relationships between a father and son.
The film is based on the play of the same name by George Abbott and Dana Burnet.
The film is based on the Shaolin Monastery in China and depicts Shaolin Kung Fu.
The film is based on the short story The Suicide Club by Robert Louis Stevenson.
The film is based upon the Canadian folklore water monster known as the Ogopogo.
The film is directed by K. Ajay Kumar and stars Manisha Koirala and Irrfan Khan.
The film is directed by Yadu Vijayakrishnan and produced by Arise Media Network.
The film is female oriented and Meera is playing a strong character in the film.
The film is loosely based on the novel Bulldog Drummond at Bay by H. C. McNeile.
The film is produced by Balaji Motion Pictures and Pritish Nandy Communications.
The film is produced by Kunal Kohli under the banner of Kunal Kohli Productions.
The film is sometimes known by its U.S. alternative title Murder on Diamond Row.
The film is the first debut famous lyricist Samadrala Jr into the film industry.
The film is the first debut veteran actor N. T. Rama Rao into the film industry.
The film is the most recent and the final part of the six Hainamuli film series.
The film is widely considered as one of the greatest American films of all time.
The film is widely regarded as being the first feature film produced in Bahrain.
The film marked a change of pace for Welch after a number of more serious roles.
The film marked the entry of actress and singer Binota Roy as a playback singer.
The film marks his directorial debut and is based on his own novel Cholliyattam.
The film premiered at the Slamdance Film Festival and was acquired by MPI Media.
The film promoted itself as the Romeo and Juliet of the circus upon its release.
The film received an Academy Award nomination for Costume Design by Bill Thomas.
The film received positive reviews but was declared "Average" at the box office.
The film received the best screenplay award at the Montreal World Film Festival.
The films are now part of the National Film Registry of the Library of Congress.
The films are now part of the Prelinger Archive and are available freely online.
The film saw a widespread national release and garnered some positive attention.
The film starred Valeska Suratt and was distributed by the Fox Film Corporation.
The film starring Prosenjit Chatterjee and Rituparna Sengupta in the lead roles.
The film stars Andrew Divoff and Erin Brown and was directed by Robert Kurtzman.
The film stars debutant Kartikeya Gummakonda and Payal Rajput in the lead roles.
The film stars Jason James Richter as a foster boy who befriends a captive orca.
The film stars Sienna Miller as Tippi Hedren and Toby Jones as Alfred Hitchcock.
The film stars Vijay and Yuvarani in lead while Vijayakanth does a titular role.
The film survives in prints at George Eastman House and the Library of Congress.
The films were among the earliest examples of direct cinema by a U.S. filmmaker.
The film was a blockuster at the box office and was well received by the people.
The film was a critical success and performed moderately well at the box office.
The film was a minor box office success but received mixed reviews from critics.
The film was an adaptation of Bengali stage play Ulka by Dr. Nihar Ranjan Gupta.
The film was banned from screening at North Carolina Museum of Natural Sciences.
The film was based on four short stories of eminent Hindi novelist Nirmal Verma.
The film was based on the novel of the same name written by William Roy Shelton.
The film was based on the play The Love Dreams by Elmer Harris and Anne Nichols.
The film was called Our House for its release in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
The film was directed by former National Geographic photographer Louie Psihoyos.
The film was directed by Kern Konwiser and produced by his brother Kip Konwiser.
The film was directed by Lee Philips and stars Barbara Eden and George Grizzard.
The film was directed by Lloyd Bacon and based on the story by Virginia Kellogg.
The film was directed by Mark A. Reyes and produced by GMA Films and Viva Films.
The film was directed by the Alfred Raboch and starred golf player Walter Hagen.
The film was directed by William Desmond Taylor and produced by Pallas Pictures.
The film was later released in the United States under the title Wild for Kicks.
The film was made in Wisconsin and released theatrically by Titan International.
The film was narrated by the American actor and baritone Thomas Hardie Chalmers.
The film was originally made from a book by the same name by author Nan Chauncy.
The film was premiered retrospective at the Toronto International Film Festival.
The film was produced and directed by Marc H. Simon of Stick Figure Productions.
The film was produced by Film Age and the music director was Jyotirindra Moitra.
The film was produced by K. Ravindran Nair under the banner of General Pictures.
The film was produced by Sanjay Chhabria under the banner Everest Entertainment.
The film was produced by Sa Ra Govindu under his home production Thanu Pictures.
The film was produced by the Thanhouser Company and released in black and white.
The film was remade in Kannada as Rama Krishna with V. Ravichandran and Jaggesh.
The film was shot at Denham Studios with sets by the art director Ralph Brinton.
The film was shot at the Pisorno Studios in Tirrenia and on location in Tuscany.
The film won critical acclaim and was a commercial successful at the box office.
The film won seven AACTA Awards including Best Film and Best Adapted Screenplay.
The film won State Film Awards in Sound recording and cinematography categories.
The film won the National Film Award for Best Anthropological/Ethnographic Film.
The film writer and director Julianna Lavin plays the role of a minor character.
The final disposition of HQ South Iraq Area is not clear from available sources.
The Final Judgment was the first short film in Dolby Stereo to be shot in Spain.
The final stage is an interview hosted at a university renowned for engineering.
The final was contested between First Division champions Dingli and St. Patrick.
The Final World Front is the third studio album by American rapper Busta Rhymes.
The Finnish Chess Championship is the national championship in chess in Finland.
The fire started at the front of the church as a candle flame ignited a curtain.
The firm has connections to the two main political parties in the United States.
The firm is also known for producing a vodka called Opium on the British market.
The firm was named after the National park Garajonay on the island of La Gomera.
The firm was owned and operated by Edward Young Clarke and Mary Elizabeth Tyler.
The first and last words are two of the most widely used samples for scratching.
The first and the reigning Miss Transqueen India is Nitasha Biswas from Kolkata.
The first and third hydroxyls point the opposite way from the second and fourth.
The first bistable state resides at a given intensity where no absorber is used.
The first Canadian music video ever made is said to be that of an Esquires song.
The first Director of the NPWS was Sam P. Weems of the US National Park Service.
The first eight presidents led the school while it was on its Healdsburg campus.
The first episodes were later released under the new title and with a new cover.
The first generation Premacy was built in Japan and exported to Europe and Asia.
The first half of this phase of the war was dominated by the Kingdom of England.
The first is one of the main Autobot cars from the original Transformers series.
The first is still considered one of the most successful albums of Azteca Music.
The first is the WRAS company itself which is a subscription membership company.
The First Live Concert is a live music video by South Korean entertainer Harisu.
The first mathematical analysis of the method was provided by Mandel and Tezaur.
The first part of the book consists of the account of her childhood in Dominica.
The first performance in the new theater was of Hamlet starring Thomas W. Keene.
The first president to be elected under the new constitution was Nelson Mandela.
The first pressing cover art was simply silver/gray with the band logo in black.
The first pressing on the Off Beat label had a mastering error in "Tabula Rasa".
The first researcher to discover inequity aversion in animals was Sarah Brosnan.
The first season of series is hosted by Shruti Seth and is sponsored by LG Corp.
The first sees it as a "ballad of victory" rooted in vernacular Germanic poetry.
The first single from the album was "Transient Program for Drums and Machinery".
The first single "Old Skool Love" was a hit on many radio stations such as CJFM.
The first team to use the name was the combination of Rip Hawk and Swede Hanson.
The first three volumes are completed with the fourth volume now being compiled.
The first track of the album is a new song recorded at EMI Studios in Hollywood.
The first two singles have both reached number one on the Country Airplay chart.
The first type of triggering may be due to static changes in the critical state.
The first volume gives the background of the Order and its crusades in Outremer.
The first word in the name of the group refers to their home town of Kastelruth.
The fissure was sealed with concrete and an inscription was later placed nearby.
The flagbearer at the opening ceremony for the nation was athlete Nenneh Barrie.
The flagbearer at the opening ceremony for the nation was fencer Wanda Matshaya.
The flag consisted of a British blue ensign with a pair of Mandarin ducks on it.
The Flanders Recorder Quartet is a professional recorder group based in Belgium.
The Flintstones is a comic series spun off from The Flintstones animated series.
The floor at ground or street level is called the "ground floor" in many places.
The floor to the southeast is somewhat smoother and free of significant impacts.
The Florida Cracker Horse is a breed of horse from Florida in the United States.
The Florida Whig Party is a now defunct political party in the state of Florida.
The flower color and pointed dorsal sepal are unique in New Zealand Pterostylis.
The flower is usually bright white with yellow throat parts at the tube opening.
The flowers are pink with purple spots and they bloom in July through September.
The focus of the anthology is on the origins and development of anarchist ideas.
The Foettingeriidae are a family of apostome ciliates of the order Apostomatida.
The fog of war completely hides all territory which the player has not explored.
The following are the national records in Olympic weightlifting in Saudi Arabia.
The following article is a list of current and former affiliates of the network.
The following directory lists and provides links to articles about the Troubles.
The following is a categorically arranged list of notable singers of Sufi music.
The following is a complete list of the filmography of American actor Sean Penn.
The following is a comprehensive discography of American ambient musician Tycho.
The following is a comprehensive discography of the American singer Tina Turner.
The following is a list and description of former and unbuilt Quebec autoroutes.
The following is a list describing the islands located in the Mediterranean Sea.
The following is a list of Australian Indigenous Australian deities and spirits.
The following is a list of awards won by American newspaper The Washington Post.
The following is a list of banks and the periods during which they issued notes.
The following is a list of characters for the Heroic Age manga and anime series.
The following is a list of characters from The Pink Panther feature film series.
The following is a list of characters from the Rick and Morty television series.
The following is a list of characters from the Twin Star Exorcists anime series.
The following is a List of communist parties represented in European Parliament.
The following is a list of episodes for the British television series The Fixer.
The following is a list of episodes for the NBC television series The Pretender.
The following is a list of episodes for the television sitcom Head of the Class.
The following is a list of episodes of the Australian television series Wilfred.
The following is a list of episodes of the British television series Danger Man.
The following is a list of episodes of the program and the sketches in each one.
The following is a list of housemates in the fifteenth series of Big Brother UK.
The following is a list of housemates in the sixteenth series of Big Brother UK.
The following is a list of programs that are currently on the Paramount Network.
The following is a list of schools that participate in NCAA Division I baseball.
The following is a list of songs by Talib Kweli organized by alphabetical order.
The following is a list of such operations with links to entries about each one.
The following is a list of the MTV Europe Music Award winners of special awards.
The following is a list of video game controllers created for Nintendo consoles.
The following is a List of Volvo passenger cars indexed by year of introduction.
The following is a list of yearly records for the Ole Miss Rebels baseball team.
The following is an alphabetical list of topics related to the nation of Belize.
The following is an incomplete list of association football clubs based in Togo.
The following is an incomplete list of paratrooper forces from around the world.
The following is a partial list of products manufactured under the Pentax brand.
The following is a summary of the transport system of the Republic of Macedonia.
The following is the list of awards and nominations received by Cara Delevingne.
The following is the list of equipment in the Republic of Union of Myanmar Navy.
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to Europe.
The following people have served as Indian Ambassadors to the Hellenic Republic.
The following persons have served as Speaker of the Virginia House of Delegates.
The following summary of many of these is organized by general field of inquiry.
The following table lists the ranks and insignia of officers in NATO air forces.
The following table shows other railway stations and its distance from Mamakudi.
The following year it was leased to the Florida Central and Peninsular Railroad.
The following year Okus had a short stay at Isthmian League club Brentwood Town.
The following year the band broke up in order to pursue different opportunities.
The Fool is the debut studio album by American singer and songwriter Ryn Weaver.
The footpath runs from Blue House Farm Chase to a footpath along the river bank.
The foramen lies beneath the edge of septum primum and the endocardial cushions.
The force now largely operates as a reserve force for the Sudanese Armed Forces.
The Ford Anglia is a compact car which was designed and manufactured by Ford UK.
The Ford Taunus is a family car that was sold by Ford Germany throughout Europe.
The forefathers of the famous Rakshasa king Ravana lived along with the Yakshas.
The Foreign Aid Society continued its work until the eve of the First World War.
The Foreshadowing are an Italian gothic/doom metal band with ambient influences.
The forewings are rounded at the tips and transversely streaked with dark brown.
The forewings have a pale golden yellow ground color with vinous brown markings.
The forewing upperside has the subbasal and median bands only faintly indicated.
The formal name of the agency is the U.S. Department of Scientific Intelligence.
The format also allows for sequence names and comments to precede the sequences.
The formation of the indophenin was long believed to be a reaction with benzene.
The format of music it plays has sometimes been referred to as new rock as well.
The format was developed and maintained by Canon with input from the CIFF Forum.
The former approach seems to be most widely adopted and is used in this article.
The former Atlantic Coast Line tracks are now part of Florida Northern Railroad.
The former Great Western Railway station is now known as Highbridge and Burnham.
The former PCEA Moderator Rev Ritho Gathanju was born and brought up in Mbogoro.
The form of the agreement was bilateral between a dominion and a princely state.
The Formula Chrysler Euroseries was an open wheel racing series based in Europe.
The Fort de Guentrange dominates Thionville in the Moselle department of France.
The Fort Payne Opera House is the only one in the State of Alabama still in use.
The fort was located near the current intersection of Twelfth and Rowan Streets.
The fort was one of the first military establishments in the Connecticut Colony.
The fossil record of Permian cynodonts is characterized by a long ghost lineage.
The fossils are regarded as evidence of the earliest form of multicellular life.
The foundation is operated as a separate entity with its own board of directors.
The foundation placed under the ace starts with the two and it is built in ones.
The founding of this Christian place of worship is associated with St. Nathalan.
The fountain is in the middle of the road between Charminar and Madina building.
The fourth Baronet sat as Conservative Member of Parliament for Wiltshire South.
The Fourth plinth is the northwest plinth in Trafalgar Square in central London.
The four vessels sold to the Portuguese Navy are locally referred as Tejo class.
The fracture may be preventable by using wrist guards during certain activities.
The fragments were found at three places within the pyramid temple of Neferefre.
The framework is open source and is distributed under the Academic Free License.
The franchise was founded by Jack McGregor who was also the founder of Penguins.
The Free Imperial City of Ulm was a Free Imperial City of the Holy Roman Empire.
The French Quarter is basically within the original "walled" city of Charleston.
The frequency of these trains in compilation of all the Sampark Kranti is daily.
The friendly also serves to promote the decline of racism on the football pitch.
The Frogman has an asymmetric shape and is attached eccentrically on its straps.
The front facade features a large square bell tower centered in the gable ridge.
The fruit is a capsule a few millimeters long containing tiny shiny black seeds.
The fruit is a flat legume pod nearly a centimeter long which contains one seed.
The fruit is an achene which may be over a centimeter long including its pappus.
The FSFI advocates to promote the use and development of free software in India.
The FTM is held annually at a different location in the United States each year.
The functional enzyme is thought to be a homodimer which uses FAD as a cofactor.
The functions are used in multilingual programs to adapt to the specific locale.
The functions exercised by a president vary according to the form of government.
The fundamental consequence is the change of the refractive index of the liquid.
The fund consists of the entire set of recorded true statements about education.
The funds were to be used for specific projects aimed at benefiting communities.
The Futa Pass connects the Mugello valley to the separate Santerno river valley.
The galaxy is known to exhibit an inner ring structure that encircles the bar. .
The gallbladder may be affected in a patchy localized form or in a diffuse form.
The gallery has three exhibition spaces in New York City and two in Los Angeles.
The gallery posted a warning notice of some "sexual and violent" subject matter.
The game adds eight separate playable pirate cartels based on the Orion Pirates.
The game allowed cooperative gameplay with up to two players on the same screen.
The game allows players to design and race on tracks with a variety of vehicles.
The game also includes a character creation system for making custom characters.
The game features Michael Jordan in his first official appearance in the series.
The game follows a goblin named Motus who is trapped inside a mysterious forest.
The game has caused controversy in Northern Ireland due to its sensitive nature.
The game has since been replaced by the Celebration Bowl HBCU championship game.
The game is compatible on Android and iOS devices and also available on the web.
The game is embraced in some Asian countries while ignored or snubbed in others.
The game is set in the New York City underworld of organized crime in the Mafia.
The game jam also brought Molyneux fame within a burgeoning indie game movement.
The game placed the Malone Pioneers against the Geneva College Golden Tornadoes.
The gameplay consists of navigating a dungeon using an innovative portal system.
The game received positive reviews from critics across all releases of the game.
The game requires no specific prior knowledge of sea ports or of the Maasvlakte.
The game runs on Adobe AIR which must be installed prior to installing the game.
The game was developed by Avalanche Software and published by Eidos Interactive.
The game was developed by Warm Lamp Games and published by Alawar Entertainment.
The game was initially created as a fund raising attempt for the March of Dimes.
The game was later reissued simply as Decathlon by the UK budget label Firebird.
The game was positively received by critics and developed into a full franchise.
The game was written by Tim Stamper and graphics were designed by Chris Stamper.
The gang system is a system of division of labor within slavery on a plantation.
The Garavogue River flows from the west down to the south and out of Lough Gill.
The garden balances the Rose Garden on the west side of the White House Complex.
The Garde would also take in all conscripts on completion of their army service.
The Gardiner Expressway is now wholly owned and operated by the City of Toronto.
The Garmin Forerunner series is a selection of sport watches produced by Garmin.
The gate is depicted in relief sculpture dating to the reign of Marcus Aurelius.
The GAUFCC brought together various strands and traditions besides Unitarianism.
The Gazette of Pakistan is the official newspaper of the Government of Pakistan.
The Gboyo is a potentially excellent source for hydro electric power in Bakouma.
The Geek Pop website also produces a monthly podcast and has hosted live events.
The General Court convenes in the New Hampshire State House in downtown Concord.
The general purpose of emotions is to produce a specific response to a stimulus.
The general purpose of the association was to uplift the entire Nadar community.
The generic name honors Professor W. P. Coffman of the University of Pittsburgh.
The genitalia are attached onto the tenth or most distal segment of the abdomen.
The gens Plancia was a minor plebeian family of equestrian rank at ancient Rome.
The gens Pompilia was a plebeian family at Rome during the time of the Republic.
The Gentile di Puglia is a breed of domestic sheep indigenous to southern Italy.
The genus Costertonia is named after the American microbiologist J.W. Costerton.
The genus had a worldwide distribution from the Late Ordovician to Late Permian.
The genus in Africa has thus developed thorns in defense against such herbivory.
The genus is characterized by the presence of a lidded photophore over each eye.
The genus is largely confined to North America and part of northeastern Siberia.
The genus Nesticus is the type for the family and is found throughout the world.
The geological history can be classified into five tectonic evolutionary stages.
The George P. Washburn Co. designed the building in the Classical Revival style.
The Georgian Orthodox Church is a major part of Orthodox Christianity in Turkey.
The Gerber Method is the primary testing method in Europe and much of the world.
The German government gave no details regarding why he was arrested or released.
The Germans responded to these perceived acts of resistance with harsh measures.
The Gibraltar Rugby Football Union is the governing body for rugby in Gibraltar.
The Gibson Melody Maker is an electric guitar made by Gibson Guitar Corporation.
The gigantocellular nucleus is a subregion of the medullary reticular formation.
The Girl Guide Association of Antigua and Barbuda belongs to the Caribbean Link.
The Gjermundbu helmet was found in nine fragments and was subsequently restored.
The glacier is the namesake of the Alaska Marine Highway fast ferry M/V Chenega.
The glacier was part of the closing scene in the film "Insomnia" with Al Pacino.
The GMC forms two ganglion cells which then develop into neurons or glial cells.
The goal of the game is propel the ball as far as possible before time runs out.
The Golden Horse Award for Best Documentary is given at the Golden Horse Awards.
The Golygina River is a river on the southwest coast of the Kamchatka Peninsula.
The Goodyear Centennials were a professional baseball team in the United States.
The Gooseberry Point terminal is situated on land belonging to the Lummi Nation.
The governing body for tag rugby or flag football for Tonga is called Tonga Tag.
The governing Nationalist Party won a narrow victory over the Malta Labor Party.
The Government of India has granted it the status of international organization.
The government owns all forms of media and only reports good news or propaganda.
The government rejected these claims and said they were assessing the situation.
The Governor and Deputy Governor of Rivers State are elected on the same ticket.
The governor is designated by the President on the advice of the Prime Minister.
The Governor of Sumy Oblast is the head of executive branch for the Sumy Oblast.
The Grand Fleet was the main fleet of the Royal Navy during the First World War.
The Grand Sport Corvettes were also campaigned by Mecom with tremendous results.
The grand winner will represent the country at the Mister International pageant.
The Great Adventure is a surviving feature film held by the Library of Congress.
The Great Britain team of Bradley Wiggins and Mark Cavendish won the gold medal.
The Great Destroyer is the seventh studio album by American indie rock band Low.
The great dodecahemidodecahedron can be seen as having six vertices at infinity.
The greatest concentration of the largest copper porphyrys is in northern Chile.
The greatest threat to its continuing existence is assumed to be global warming.
The Great Lakes basin area effectively became a lake after the ice sheet melted.
The Great Unknown is the twelfth studio album by Filipino singer Sarah Geronimo.
The Gregory Rift is the eastern branch of the East African Rift fracture system.
The ground by the pub was also the first home of the Notts County Football Club.
The ground ceased to be a cricket ground and became a general recreation ground.
The ground has also hosted few matches for the Delhi and Railways cricket teams.
The ground in Leyton has continued to be used for matches in local competitions.
The ground is designed and constructed by the New Zealand Sports Turf Institute.
The group also received a letter of support from Ontario premier Kathleen Wynne.
The group began life as a continuation of their former incarnation Joy Division.
The group changed its name to Josefus when vocalist Pete Bailey joined the band.
The group combines English and Celtic folk sounds with American bluegrass music.
The group combines reggaeton rhythms with more traditional forms of Cuban music.
The group competes nationally and has traveled internationally on several tours.
The group had been created by Prince as an outlet for his prolific song writing.
The group imports some raw materials and some mining and industrial accessories.
The group is also represented as NGO in the United Nations Human Rights Council.
The group is composed of academic geographers with research interests in Africa.
The group is led by executive director and Penn faculty member Harris Steinberg.
The group may be owned by a holding company which may have no actual operations.
The group of buildings have previously been used by the Northern Ireland Office.
The group stage was notable for a scarcity of draws and a large number of goals.
The group takes their name from the DC Comics superhero team the Justice League.
The group taught sobriety and preceded Alcoholics Anonymous by almost a century.
The group was made up of Konjo and Amba fighters and was led by Isaya Mukirania.
The group was returning from a trip to southern France to test a new racing car.
The group winner Paraguay qualified for the sixth FIFA World Cup held in Sweden.
The group winner Scotland qualified for the sixth FIFA World Cup held in Sweden.
The group works in cooperation with the International Trade Union Confederation.
The Guam national basketball team represents Guam in international competitions.
The Guardian included Alfa Jazz Fest in the list of the best European festivals.
The Guernsey national netball team represents Guernsey in international netball.
The guests on their series included a mix of Australian and American performers.
The gunboats were returned safely upriver to Grand Ecore in Natchitoches Parish.
The Guyana Presbyterian Church was a fruit of the Presbyterian Church in Canada.
The gymnasium is available at a low cost to University alumni and their spouses.
The Gypsies are a Sri Lankan baila band that performs Sinhala and English songs.
The habitat consists of dry meadows and xerothermic slopes with thin vegetation.
The habitat consists of unnatural grasslands such as pastures and subarid areas.
The habitat in which it is found is often marshy land with grass and tree cover.
The habitat is near rainforest and wet sclerophyll forest in various situations.
The habitat is shallow rocky soils with relatively tall eucalyptus trees nearby.
The habitat is sometimes submerged but the plants return when water levels drop.
The hadrosauroids Yunganglong and Zuoyunlong have been recovered from this unit.
The halberd consists of an ax blade topped with a spike mounted on a long shaft.
The hall available here is rented out for conducting functions such as weddings.
The hall is situated just north of the church and has access via the churchyard.
The Halmahera mine is a large mine in the east of Indonesia in the North Maluku.
The hamlet is approached using the avenue that links Buckingham with Stowe Park.
The hamlet is located on a road with the same name and consists mostly of farms.
The Hampstead Ferry was a cable ferry in the Canadian province of New Brunswick.
The Hanover Hound is a breed of dog sometimes referred to as a Hanoverian Hound.
The hardships that come with being in the army begin to arise at basic training.
The Harvard Salient is the conservative student newspaper at Harvard University.
The Haskins Medal is an annual medal awarded by the Medieval Academy of America.
The Hayagriva idol worshiped here is said to be handed down from Vedanta Desika.
The HCII at Carnegie Mellon is recognized as a worldwide leader in HCI research.
The head of the university is the Chancellor who is His Majesty King Mswati III.
The Healing Component is the debut studio album by American rapper Mick Jenkins.
The Heartland Messenger also published stories written and submitted by readers.
The Heart Speaks is a studio album by American jazz trumpeter Terence Blanchard.
The Heber Valley Historic Railroad operates passenger trains through the canyon.
The heir apparent to the earldom used the invented courtesy title of Lord Proby.
The Hellenic Futsal Cup is the second important competition of futsal in Greece.
The helpline in Kerala offers help against the alleged practice of "love jihad."
The Helsinki system is one of the oldest electrified tram networks in the world.
The Hereford made three voyages to Trinidad carrying Indian indentured laborers.
The Hezilo chandelier was installed in St. Godehard during the restoration time.
The Hickman Sea Sled is an inverted vee planing hull invented by Albert Hickman.
The High Court and Court of Appeal have yet to render any judgment on the issue.
The highest number of Montenegrins in Croatia is in the Croatian capital Zagreb.
The high level line passes over the low level line at a right angle on a bridge.
The highlight of the film is a singing competition between the two protagonists.
The Hilalian dialects are a continuum of Arabic dialects native to North Africa.
The hill is best known as the site of an annex to the Bell Labs Holmdel Complex.
The hill now has a lighthouse at its apex marking the entrance to the anchorage.
The hindu people of bengal gave him the titles of Nripati Tilak and jagatbhusan.
The hindwings are brown with a series of vague submarginal bands and dark veins.
The hindwings are rather deeply emarginate beneath the tip and pale slate color.
The hind wing upperside has a band of yellow spots outside the red discal spots.
The hippy eventually escapes by walking into a funhouse mirror and disappearing.
The historian Strabo suggest that Madys killed Tugdamme and defeated his forces.
The historical district includes Bethel AME Church and the Laurel Hill Cemetery.
The historic city of Udaipur is the administrative headquarters of the district.
The history of antisemitism can be traced from ancient times to the present day.
The history of the Jews in the Arabian Peninsula reaches back to Biblical times.
The Hittites believed that the kings derived their right to rule from Hanwasuit.
The Hoarder Next Door is a British documentary series about compulsive hoarding.
The Hoarisib River is a perennial river in the Skeleton Coast region of Namibia.
The Hoko River Formation is a Late Eocene marine sedimentary geologic formation.
The Holm of Noss or Cradle Holm is an uninhabited islet of the Shetland Islands.
The holy banyan tree called the Akshaya Kalpavat located here is also worshiped.
The Holy Grail of Irish Drinking Songs is a compilation of Irish drinking songs.
The homepage and all former article links now redirect to the Celebuzz homepage.
The hooded merganser has a sawbill but is not classified as a typical merganser.
The hooked ladder then hangs suspended vertically down the face of the building.
The hornet builds its nests underground and communicates using sound vibrations.
The hospital is situated in Mayaganj where the clinical departments are running.
The hospital is sometimes called Kayts Base Hospital or Kayts District Hospital.
The hospital was a pioneering site for the humane treatment of the mentally ill.
The host nation dominated the competition winning five out of seven gold medals.
The host nation South Korea finished first in the medal table with seven medals.
The host range is the collection of hosts that an organism can use as a partner.
The Hotel Haegumgang is a floating hotel docked at Mount Kumgang in North Korea.
The hotel serves continental breakfast as buffet which is part of the room fare.
The house and garden are owned by the National Trust and are open to the public.
The house experienced two significant alterations during the nineteenth century.
The house features decorative brackets under all eaves and gingerbread woodwork.
The house has been a hospital in the past and privately owned by several owners.
The house has retained many of its internal and external Greek Revival features.
The house is believed to be one of the oldest surviving buildings in the county.
The house is described as an early example of Neoclassical Revival architecture.
The house is found in front of the parish church opposite the Wignacourt Museum.
The house is notable because of the Civil War era graffiti on many of the walls.
The house is set in a thickly wooded park and is in the Scottish baronial style.
The house is situated on a rise overlooking the city of Richmond from the north.
The House of Coffin is an ancient English family which originated in Devonshire.
The House of Commons is the lower house of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
The house of Dragomir Popovic is a cultural and historical monument in Ivanjica.
The House of Monchy is an ancient French family centered originally in Picardie.
The House Order of Henry the Lion was the House Order of the Duchy of Brunswick.
The house was designed by architect Richard Norman Shaw in the Queen Anne style.
The house was designed in the Tudor Revival style by architect Joe Frazer Smith.
The house was then extended and a chapel and gymnasium built by Henry Goodridge.
The Howard Bison football team represents Howard University in college football.
The HPI Check Report is available to both consumers and dealers all over the UK.
The humanitarian aid and supplies were donated by Greek companies and charities.
The Human Torch is a Marvel Comics superhero and a member of the Fantastic Four.
The Humber Scout Car was a British light scout car used in the Second World War.
The Hume Highway and the Southern Highlands railway line run through the parish.
The Hyde Park Estate is a residential district in the Paddington area of London.
The hypodermis consists primarily of loose connective tissue and lobules of fat.
The Ice Dome aimed to become the center of excellence for ice hockey in Ireland.
The ice generator is the part of the ice machine that actually produces the ice.
The Icmadophilaceae are a family of lichenized fungi in the order Pertusariales.
The ICM became the subject of heightened political rhetoric in an election year.
The idea is to make it harder for authorities to find and arrest illegal aliens.
The idea was for that the second team would be a feeder team for the first team.
The identity of the subject of this painting is unknown and he wears a chaperon.
The IIFA Best Art Direction is a technical award chosen ahead of the ceremonies.
The IKA claims to stand upon Supreme Court decisions in favor of previous Klans.
The IKA unlike other Klan groups also embraces Nazi symbolism and Nazi ideology.
The illuminations have also been turned on by a bomber aircraft and a racehorse.
The images have meaning in the context of a recently published record of events.
The immediate areas were burnt out and all of the facilities had to be replaced.
The immigration of Mexicans to the Philippines dates back to the Spanish period.
The Imperials were the first pro team of US national team goalkeeper Tim Howard.
The implication was that Irish Catholics had no political status in the country.
The implicit source routing mechanism is now included in the DSR Internet Draft.
The implied consequence of not joining the team effort is to be deemed an enemy.
The important aspect is not what the application does but how it is implemented.
The impounded water is treated at the water works before being piped to Nairobi.
The inaugural running was won by Zardana with Rachel Alexandra finishing second.
The incident ended tragically with the shooting of the elephant by local police.
The incident had serious consequences for later events in the Hundred Years War.
The Incorporated Village of Sands Point lies within the town of North Hempstead.
The incumbent Deputy Chief Minister of the Northern Territory is Nicole Manison.
The incumbent signs his name as his Christian name or forename followed by Exon.
The index takes the anatomical contact points of anterior Incisors into account.
The Indian navy named one of its frigates INS Betwa in honor of the river Betwa.
The India team will be made up of one female athlete competing in alpine skiing.
The Indices were founded by the Council of Corporates and Businesses of Vietnam.
The indirect talks held by the Presidents of both parties satisfied the Council.
The individual does not need to be personally involved in the successful action.
The indoor waiting room was once larger and featured a front desk and washrooms.
The industrial synthesis of this chemical is from hydrogen cyanide and methanol.
The inflorescence arises on a stout peduncle which may exceed a meter in height.
The inflorescence is a dense array of open flowers and erect closed flower buds.
The inflorescence is an array of many flower heads each up to a centimeter long.
The inflorescence is a narrow panicle with branches pressed up against the stem.
The inflorescence is a solitary flower head with yellow to reddish disk florets.
The inflorescence is a spike with spikelets mostly solitary or sometimes paired.
The inflorescence is made up of one to nine clusters of a few tiny flowers each.
The information about the servers is kept in the configuration file resolv.conf.
The information below comes from the Korea Music Copyright Association database.
The infraspecific epithet caudatifolia is from the Latin meaning "tapered leaf".
The initiatives operate in urban schools with high levels of crime and violence.
The injectable form is specifically used for severe malaria rather than quinine.
The injury nearly left him paralyzed and ended his professional football career.
The inland sea of the Cretaceous vanished and mammals came to dominate the land.
The Inlet Group was proposed as a geological unit for southeastern Newfoundland.
The inner and outer edges of the median area are formed by two solid dark bands.
The inner wall and floor to the southeast appears more irregular than elsewhere.
The Innuitian Region is a physiographic division of the far northern hemisphere.
The inside of the drawers can be accessed by pulling them out at the front side.
The Institute also houses the UC Irvine Transportation Science graduate program.
The Institute also maintains an agriculture museum and entomological collection.
The Institute for Advanced Judaic Studies is a Canadian Orthodox Jewish yeshiva.
The institute had NBA Accreditation and also accredited by NAAC "A" certificate.
The institute has gained a reputation in the field of fire and safety education.
The institute itself was established partly due to the indigo industry in India.
The Institute works closely with South London and Maudsley NHS Foundation Trust.
The institution is part of the Minnesota State Colleges and Universities system.
The institution produces over one third of the countries entire gallery program.
The insurers cited and relied on Mayban General Insurance v Alstom Power Plants.
The Intelligence Principle is a hypothetical central idea of cultural evolution.
The intended audience for her novels is children of reading ages nine to twelve.
The intended audience includes children under the age of five and their parents.
The intense activity in a MUGA can increase noise and complaints from neighbors.
The interior art was created by Victor Santos and cover was done by Lee Bermejo.
The interior features a barrel vaulted ceiling with an intricate support system.
The interior floor has small craters along the eastern and southern inner walls.
The interior floor has some low hills and a small craterlet in the western half.
The interior floor of this crater is uneven and marked by several small impacts.
The interior of the church features a variation on the Akron plan configuration.
The International Federation for Equestrian Sports oversees International Shows.
The International Grand Prix Doha was a one day road cycling race held in Qatar.
The internationally well knowned sculptor Ursula von Rydingsvard ist born there.
The International Pop Overthrow music festival was named in honor of this album.
The International Socialist League is a small Trotskyist organization in the UK.
The intersection is midway between the north and south forks of Peachtree Creek.
The invading tumors can extend from the kidney collecting system to the bladder.
The investment trust will own the assets and the company will manage the assets.
The Ion Award is the largest board game design competition in the United States.
Their aims were largely the same as those of the Society of the United Irishmen.
Their aim was "to communicate the gospel to young people in Greater Manchester".
The Iranian Premier Wrestling League is a professional wrestling league in Iran.
The Iraqi national handball team is controlled by the Iraqi Handball Federation.
Their burial culture was more elaborate than any subsequent culture in the area.
Their car breaks down in the middle of nowhere and the couple is rescued by Boy.
Their children may learn local languages such as Marathi especially Bene Israel.
Their collaboration with Einstein proved to be very influential on Israeli rock.
Their cultivars come from the fungal tribe Leucocoprineae of family Agaricaceae.
Their customs are similar to other tribes of similar status such as the Bhakral.
Their descendants survive today and are now known as ethnic Afghans or Pashtuns.
Their distribution is heavily observed in South Australia and Western Australia.
The Ireland vs Wales game was delayed by a week due to a frozen pitch in Dublin.
Their extinct language was of a Turkic type and basically similar to the Tuvans.
Their fans are known as "Gomers" after a song on their second album about Gomer.
Their first appearance in the final happened in the season after his retirement.
Their first combat assignment was on Santa Rosa Island off the coast of Florida.
Their highest charting single was the Number One song "Cornfields or Cadillacs".
Their home games were played at Newfield Park which was located on Newfield Ave.
Their listed subsidiaries were also merged to form Hebei Iron and Steel Company.
Their lyrics and musicianship display a depth much like that found in math rock.
Their manufacture made extensive use of standard design features and components.
Their members may have no connection whatsoever to Cherokee culture or heritage.
Their mission is to conduct prompt and sustained combat operations from the sea.
Their music has been accepted in both the Christian and mainstream rock markets.
Their music has been described as "British punk with harsh bluesy garage riffs".
Their name comes from a Victorian freak show that once toured the British Isles.
Their name comes from the prominent beaver depicted on the obverse of the coins.
Their name originated from a modified spelling of the East Indian term maharaja.
Their nymphs are often transmitted by migrating birds from one place to another.
The Iron division is often regarded as one of the most competitive in the state.
Their paths cross as per their destinies and then love blossoms between the two.
Their plans are complicated by the unrequited feelings Marty develops for Tommy.
Their popular radio single "Forgive Me" appeared on an episode of One Tree Hill.
Their previous recordings were all independently produced and distributed demos.
Their product line has been described as "the most highly awarded German piano".
Their publications usually focused on controversial issues such as the troubles.
Their relationship was used to portray domestic abuse within a gay relationship.
The IRS can assert only those penalties specified imposed under Federal tax law.
Their single "Whiz" reached the fourth place on the weekly Oricon Singles Chart.
Their songs have been featured in the opening sequences of several anime series.
Their son Raja later expressed relief when she passed due to their estrangement.
Their sporophytes have conducting systems analogous to those of vascular plants.
Their standard title card was a blue background with yellow or orange lettering.
Their style has been described as "rock and roll with a little roots sweetness."
Their style is a mix of Western rock music and traditional Hungarian folk music.
Their target market is the upper end of the price range for the moderately rich.
Their traditional lands include present day Goulburn and the Southern Highlands.
Their unique structure permits interstitial fluid to flow into them but not out.
Their use can help buildings meet Passive House standards or LEED certification.
Their version has since been released on various CD compilations of their works.
Their video content is about cultural clashes and every day situations in India.
The ISGD owns and maintains land that is used as a traditional Islamic cemetery.
The island is covered by grass and shrub vegetation typical of the Florida Keys.
The island is home to the endemic Kofiau paradise kingfisher and Kofiau monarch.
The islands are within the Micronesia cultural and ecological region of Oceania.
The Israeli Air Force Museum is located at Hatzerim Airbase in the Negev desert.
The Israeli government hinted that Israeli forces were involved in the incident.
The issue of gun control has become increasingly important in American politics.
The issue stems from incomplete closure of the embryonic fissure while in utero.
The issues were written by filmmaker Kevin Smith and illustrated by Joe Quesada.
The is the upper house of the Northern Mariana Islands Commonwealth Legislature.
The ISU World Development Trophy is an international figure skating competition.
The Izvorul Tomnatecului River is a tributary of the Lotrioara River in Romania.
The Jack Oatey Medal is awarded to the best player during the SANFL Grand Final.
The Jaguarizinho River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
The Jahangirpuri Metro Station is located on the Yellow Line of the Delhi Metro.
The jail was built by order of the Plymouth and Massachusetts Bay Colony courts.
The Jamaican passport is issued to citizens of Jamaica for international travel.
The Japanese addressing system is used to identify a specific location in Japan.
The Japanese CD release included "Kill Cupid With A Nail File" as a bonus track.
The Jat clan of that area now comprises the Dahiyas Teotias Maliks and Jatranas.
The JavaScript standard library lacks an official standard text output function.
The Jean Ellen mango is a named mango cultivar that originated in south Florida.
The Jeithi were an indigenous Australian people of the state of New South Wales.
The Jeju Volcanic Island and Lava Tubes is a World Heritage Site in South Korea.
The Jhinwar is a caste found in the states of Punjab and Uttar Pradesh in India.
The jodi which got the maximum number of votes was crowned the Jodi of the Week.
The John A. Ryan Skating Arena is home to local teams and MIAA tournament games.
The Joint Mission Planning System is also being added to FalconView as a plugin.
The jollyboat and raft planned to travel together but a strong wind parted them.
The Jordan Association of Fine Arts is an artistic organization based in Jordan.
The journal and the ideas it produced have influenced a number of later writers.
The journal had no publication criteria based on the interest level of the case.
The journal has featured work by alumni such as Steven Wright and Henry Winkler.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Education Research Complete and Scopus.
The journal is one of the oldest scientific open access journals in mathematics.
The Journal is one of the richest sources of early Mormon theology and thinking.
The journal is owned by the BRC and published by the University of Hawaii Press.
The journal is published by the Gesellschaft der Freunde alter Musikinstrumente.
The journal is published for the Society for Healthcare Epidemiology of America.
The journal reports on developments in both public and private higher education.
The journal was abstracted and indexed in Chemical Abstracts Service and Scopus.
The journal was previously published under the title Sexual and Marital Therapy.
The joust became an iconic characteristic of the knight in Romantic medievalism.
The judge in the suit found that the suit was brought in the wrong jurisdiction.
The judges then have the opportunity to look at the sets from afar and up close.
The Judiciary Organization of the Armed Forces is part of the Iranian judiciary.
The Jurassic dinosaur track Eubrontes giganteus is the Connecticut state fossil.
The jurisdiction of the diocese mainly covers the Eastern side of Uttar Pradesh.
The juvenile division of the order shall be from birth until the age of sixteen.
The Kaipara District is located in the Northland Region in northern New Zealand.
The Kankali are a Muslim community found in the state of Uttar Pradesh in India.
The Kanon Award is one of the movie awards of Norwegian film festival Kosmorama.
The Karasugskoye mine is a large iron mine located in eastern Russia in Siberia.
The Karrangpurru were an indigenous Australian people of the Northern Territory.
The Keeper of Paleontology serves as the Head of the Department of Paleontology.
The keg must be completely emptied before it should be tossed to avoid injuries.
The Kelly Hill Caves system is the main attraction within the conservation park.
The Kentucky Supreme Court promulgates the Rules of Court and Rules of Evidence.
The key concept of the series was that each show starts off with the letter "A".
The khapse dough is then deep fried which gives it its light brown/yellow color.
The Kingash mine is a large mine in the north of Russia in the Krasnoyarsk Krai.
The King of Everything Else is the third studio album by American rapper Slaine.
The Klamath Falls Gems were a Minor League Baseball team in the Far West League.
The KLF appears to have been a loose association of scattered Khalistani groups.
The knights were allowed to "buy out" of the military service by paying scutage.
The Knox Group is a widespread geologic group in the Southeastern United States.
The Kokobididji were an indigenous Australian people of the state of Queensland.
The Kolari mine is a large iron mine located in northern Finland in the Lapland.
The Korean digital download also included the Wedding Mix of We Can Work It Out.
The Korean Presbyterian Church in Costa Rica was planted by Rev. Chang Hak Kwen.
The Korea Scout Association is the national Scouting association of South Korea.
The Koryaks are culturally similar to the Chukchis of extreme northeast Siberia.
The Kress building would have been used as a lobby with office and retail space.
The Kujawiak is a Polish folk dance from the region of Kujawy in central Poland.
The Kumbha Bharani festival is conducted during February or March in the temple.
The Kuthaliya Bora are a Hindu caste found in the state of Uttarakhand in India.
The Kyoto Express is considered one of the largest container ships in the world.
The label is applied primarily toward groups of Christians in the United States.
The label released records for Electric Light Orchestra and Kate Bush in France.
The label was re launched by Dave Piccioni and administered by Defected Records.
The Laboratory has accomplished many achievements and enjoys international fame.
The Labor party took overall control of the council from the Conservative party.
The Ladbrokes Gold Cup is a greyhound competition held at Monmore Green Stadium.
The ladders hook onto the window ledge by a "gooseneck" projecting from the top.
The Lagos Police Command is the Lagos State branch of the Nigerian Police Force.
The lake and hinterland are protected as part of Lake Chivero Recreational Park.
The lake has turned pink in color due to the chemicals in the sewage industries.
The lake sits atop the broad eastern ridge of Pacific Peak in the Tenmile Range.
The lake was named after the ancient city of Chalco on its former eastern shore.
The La Liniere camp was a scaled back version of an originally much larger plan.
The Lambton Worm is a legend from County Durham in North East England in the UK.
The Lamesa athletic teams are known as the Golden Tornadoes or "Tors" for short.
The land surrounding a bay often reduces the strength of winds and blocks waves.
The land upon which part of the town sits was homesteaded by Joseph L. Johnston.
The Lane County Fair is simultaneously the best of times and the worst of times.
The language is part of the larger group of the West Germanic Frisian languages.
The language of Esan people shares the same name as the name of the land itself.
The Lansdowne Cup is a rugby union trophy competed for by Australia and Ireland.
The Laos national rugby union team represents Laos in international rugby union.
The Lares were Roman deities protecting the house and the family household gods.
The large ceiling has a large allegorical composition of landscape with figures.
The large outdoor patio area is popular amongst locals when the weather is nice.
The larger coastal town directly north of Watsonville is the city of Santa Cruz.
The largest district is Bhadradri Kothagudem where as Hyderabad is the smallest.
The largest European ethnic groups in Suriname are the Dutch and the Portuguese.
The largest shares of coal exports from Mobile went to Europe and South America.
The larvae are aquatic and burrow in mud and the adult insects have brief lives.
The larvae are subterranean and probably feed on the roots and bases of grasses.
The larvae feed on the leaves of Gaylussacia baccata and Rhododendron canadense.
The larvae feed on the shoot apex and the generative organs of Kochia prostrata.
The larvae of G. mellonella are also often used as a model organism in research.
The larvae of this genus are notable for being obligate role reversal predators.
The laser engraved card was minted out of solid brass and plated with palladium.
The Last Days is the third studio album by American heavy metal band Body Count.
The last of those was with Essendon who he had transferred to during the season.
The last one or two letters indicate the town or region the car originates from.
The last President was Michelle McCrorie and last Vice President was John Black.
The late Justus Esiri was awarded the Best Actor in a leading role posthumously.
The lateral intermuscular septum of thigh is a fold of deep fascia in the thigh.
The later chapters discuss the hieroglyphs and the history of their translation.
The later Sharp Wizards were something between an electronic databank and a PDA.
The latest version adds the ability to create a new folder each day if required.
The Latin author Lucilius criticizes Lupus for a decadent and corrupt lifestyle.
The Latin name Libya at the time referred to the continent of Africa in general.
The Latin script is the most widely used alphabetic writing system in the world.
The latter formed Democratic Movement to defend the "original spirit" of the PD.
The lava builds up on the surface and solidifies creating the initial structure.
The law in a given jurisdiction may not actually use the term "age of majority".
The law library at the Syracuse University College of Law is named in his honor.
The law of Bermuda is based on the common law legal system of England and Wales.
The Lawra market is a major trading post in Lawra in Upper West Region of Ghana.
The laws of infernal dynamics are an adage about the cursedness of the universe.
The league champions automatically qualify for the AFC Futsal Club Championship.
The league is centered in the Carolinas with teams also in Georgia and Virginia.
The league is covered regularly by local newspapers such as the Limerick Leader.
The league organizers checked if the applicant school has a good sports program.
The league stage is divided in groups and winners move on to the knockout stage.
The league was an amalgamation of the National League and the Provincial League.
The leaves are heart shaped and the flowers are pale yellow and tubular in form.
The leaves are linear to narrowly oval in shape and are up to a centimeter long.
The leaves are variable in size and shape and there is a range of flower colors.
The leaves usually bear coiling tendrils and the stipules may be large or small.
The Lecture is named in memory of the eminent electrical engineer Bernard Price.
The legal structure is typically a homeowner association or housing cooperative.
The Legislative Council consisted of a mixture of appointed and elected members.
The legislative session convenes at the Kansas State Capitol in Topeka annually.
The Lego Director character appears in several Lego Studio sets and video games.
The length of each block can be variable or fixed to a specific number of bytes.
The length of its perithecial necks and synnemata are shorter than in O. piceae.
The lenses may appear similar to the fresnel lenses used in overhead projectors.
The less he or she knows the more likely a different term would be more fitting.
The Letdown won a full season for the ABC in Australia and on Netflix in the US.
The letter on the table additionally contains the words Titian Vecellio Venezia.
The Levelator is a software application that makes adjustments to audio signals.
The level of additional functionality enabled by the chip depends on the camera.
The Levites who were not Kohanim played music in the Temple or served as guards.
The Liberty was granted to the Abbey of Bury St Edmunds by Edward the Confessor.
The library has the furthest north permanent Foucault pendulum in North America.
The library serves as the meeting place for the board of Springtime Tallahassee.
The library was built using a grant from wealthy philanthropist Andrew Carnegie.
The licensing allows it to be used for both open source and commercial projects.
The life cycle of C. loewi is similar to the life cycle of the genus Calliphora.
The Lifeline supports people who call for themselves or someone they care about.
The lighthouse at Kannur is still often referred to as the Cannanore lighthouse.
The Lincoln Gap Wind Farm is under construction on the hills around Lincoln Gap.
The Lincoln Highway passes through the suburb on its way to the city of Whyalla.
The line of the fusion of the distal tongue buds is marked by the median sulcus.
The Lion King Celebration was a parade based on the animated film The Lion King.
The Lipari River or Liparia River is a tributary of the Mociur River in Romania.
The list below shows the Uzbekistan national football team head to head matches.
The list includes executive branch appointees and independent agency appointees.
The listing included four contributing buildings and one contributing structure.
The listing included two contributing buildings and two contributing structures.
The listing is described in the North Dakota Cultural Resources Survey document.
The list provides links to all lists of meet records for athletics competitions.
The list shown below shows the Japan national football team head to head record.
The lists of birds in the light blue box below are divided by biological family.
The list will be separated between the head of territory and head of government.
The Lithuania national baseball team is the national baseball team of Lithuania.
The Lithuania national handball team is the national handball team of Lithuania.
The little gallery nationally known for its daring exhibits of contemporary art.
The liver can regenerate after either surgical removal or after chemical injury.
The lives she has written about include those of Robert Graves and Mary Shelley.
The Living Legend is the only album of Baby Huey that has been released to date.
The local Chardonnay grape is of the best quality for the white wine production.
The local government area covers much the same area as the Hilltops wine region.
The local government buildings were mostly built during the German colonization.
The local Grange organization remains an active part of the Oregon State Grange.
The local industries include Vales Point Power Station and Wyee State Coal Mine.
The local Liberal association finally settled on J. D. White to defend the seat.
The local "Rock of Talk" program was featured on both stations in the afternoon.
The locals believe that clearing the forest will render the forest acts useless.
The location is sometimes described as being on River Road south of Bound Brook.
The Lock Artist is a standalone crime novel by American novelist Steve Hamilton.
The logical level is described in the behavior perspective by boolean equations.
The logical object of the term instantiation refers to the frame element itself.
The Lonchaeidae are a family of acalyptrate flies commonly known as lance flies.
The London Olympians are a British American football team based in south London.
The London Scene is a collection of essays by the English writer Virginia Woolf.
The longhouses of the Pendahara are located along the river in its upper course.
The Long Island Pizza Contest and Festival raises funds to help feed the hungry.
The long red inflorescences are complimented with bright yellow tubular flowers.
The Losers was made for ITV by ATV and was produced and directed by Joe McGrath.
The loss of sand has been attributed to sand dredging in the local coastal area.
The loss of the understory layer to pigs was a big hit to the last of the birds.
The lower lens of each unit has an aperture diaphragm as well as a leaf shutter.
The lower level was served by local trains by two tracks and two side platforms.
The lower spikelets are sometimes enclosed in the basal sheaths of upper leaves.
The lowest level has underground access to the North York Center subway station.
The low melting point of this material allows it to be melted for easy handling.
The LP was originally titled Artificial Intelligence and the Fall of Technology.
The lyrics are playful and the vocals are simultaneously delicate and disarming.
The lyrics describe a mystical figure who takes the narrator up through the sky.
The lyrics were written by Teddy Park and the music was composed by Seo Won Jin.
The Macabuzinho River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
The machine is small and portable to be handled by an operator on top of a roof.
The machinery was previously used in another mill in the village of Lacey Green.
The machine then cuts the stapled signatures so that the booklets may be opened.
The Mackworth ward also covers the New Zealand area as well as Mackworth itself.
The Madras Sappers are the oldest of the three groups of the Corps of Engineers.
The magazine has grown in popularity ever since and is now published from Delhi.
The magazine has made a niche for itself with its take on automotive journalism.
The magazine is a member of the Campus Progress network of college publications.
The magazine itself covered a wide varieties of topics that applied to families.
The magazine publishes original writing from scientists and science journalists.
The magazine was affiliated to the Sigma Delta Chi fraternity in the university.
The Magna Steyr MILA is a concept car made by Austrian manufacturer Magna Steyr.
The magzine also contained articles of more general interest and serial stories.
The Mahadeo Hills are a range of hills in Madhya Pradesh state of central India.
The mail Sassy received in response was key to the eventual publication of Girl.
The main addition is a fourth recitation of the Amidah specially for these days.
The main building is recognizable for a large dome shaped architectural feature.
The main building was converted into a luxury apartment and condominium complex.
The main campus and the Great Hall are noted examples of Edwardian architecture.
The main cause of its decline is the destruction and degradation of its habitat.
The main cause of the decline is the loss of nests and chicks from early mowing.
The main challenge is for the engineers who design the product from the scratch.
The main character is Shawn McDaniel who has been diagnosed with cerebral palsy.
The main character went from being a cabaret singer to a Broadway stage actress.
The main city and capital of Maluku province is Ambon on the small Ambon Island.
The main difficulty when using measures of CPUE is to define the unit of effort.
The main entrance to the Oulu Stockmann department store is located on Rotuaari.
The Maine Sports Hall of Fame is sports hall of fame in the U.S. state of Maine.
The main language was in English and the films were locally subtitled or dubbed.
The main population centers on the Atherton Tablelands are Mareeba and Atherton.
The main venue for the Games was deliberately chosen the Olympic Park in Berlin.
The Majoidea are a superfamily of crabs which includes the various spider crabs.
The major attraction of this village development committee is Shavapokhari lake.
The majority of Congolese in the United Kingdom have come as political refugees.
The majority of construction materials are purchased locally whenever available.
The majority of Jews in French Polynesia are of North African Sephardi heritage.
The majority of paleoarchaeology sites are found in Southern and Eastern Africa.
The majority of the act did not apply to trade unions based in Northern Ireland.
The majority of the album consists of Carolyn Mark compositions and cover songs.
The majority of the historic district lies within the boundaries of West Dundee.
The majority of the list members are business executives from the tech industry.
The majority of the permanent members of this squadron are training instructors.
The majority of the population is involved in agricultural and trade activities.
The majority of the stores operate in shopping malls and factory outlet centers.
The Makam Pahlawan Negeri or State Heroes Mausoleum is situated near the mosque.
The Makemakes is the debut studio album by Austrian pop rock band The Makemakes.
The male is larger and stronger than the female and has a shorter straight beak.
The male is mostly yellow and gray with black markings around the face and neck.
The Mali national rugby union team represents Mali in international rugby union.
The mall features a wide selection of national and international retail outlets.
The Mall occupies all of Brunswick Street between Wickham Street and Ann Street.
The Mal Muslims are a Muslim community found in north east India and Bangladesh.
The Manara Clock Tower has an ode to the sultan in elaborate Arabic calligraphy.
The Mandli are a Muslim Rajput community found in the state of Gujarat in India.
The mandrel is fixed on a mandrel stand and is rotated by an asynchronous motor.
The manga series Monster features a cast of characters created by Naoki Urasawa.
The Manhattan Blues Project is the fifth studio album by guitarist Steve Hunter.
The maniacal quality of the film and the amount of time spent filming is unique.
The Mansfield University of Pennsylvania shuttle is also operated by the agency.
The mansion is still occupied by the Stoclet family and is not open to visitors.
The mantled guereza is also threatened by hunting for bushmeat and for its skin.
The Manung hill is another important geographical landmark overlooking the Town.
The manuscript is prefaced with Epistles to The Reader and to William Augustine.
The manuscript was unfinished at the time of his death and is now believed lost.
The Man Who Stayed at Home is a play by J. E. Harold Terry and Lechmere Worrall.
The many universities in the area give the region a large network of scientists.
The maples have long been known to be closely related to the family Sapindaceae.
The Marassa are commonly syncretised with the Catholic Saints Cosmas and Damian.
The marbled cat was once considered to belong to the pantherine lineage of cats.
The Maria Preta River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
The marine environment supplies many kinds of habitats that support marine life.
The marine molluscs of Venezuela are a part of the molluscan fauna of Venezuela.
The Marksman light gun is a pistol that features an attachable stock and barrel.
Themarohystrix is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
Themaroidopsis is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
The marquee player of Pretoria Mavericks is South Africa batsman AB de Villiers.
The Marquesas Islands were initially selected as a backup location for Survivor.
The Marshall Islands is a state in which political parties have not been active.
The Martabe mine is one of the largest gold mines in Indonesia and in the world.
The Martin City neighborhood of Kansas City was named in honor of Edward Martin.
The Maryland darter is named after the only state in which it is known to occur.
The mascots are often used to help market the Asian Games to a younger audience.
The mask sets are required in order to transfer the ASIC designs onto the wafer.
The masks were used to give an impersonation of the deceased at the Roman Forum.
The Massachusetts Environmental Police are also independent of the State Police.
The massive villa and manicured gardens are a scenographic landmark on the Lake.
The material is depicted in the journal with both photographs and illustrations.
The mausoleum is of circular form with an ambulatory surrounding a central dome.
The Maya were primarily pastoralists and their livelihood was with their cattle.
The Mayfield classification is a system of categorizing perilunate dislocations.
The Mayor of Kalawao County holds the executive responsibilities for the county.
The mayor would be elected by the citizens and serve as the leader for the city.
The Maysilo Circle is known as the government center of the city of Mandaluyong.
The Mazda N platform is an automobile platform for rear wheel drive sports cars.
The McClellandtown United Presbyterian Church is also located in McClellandtown.
The McCoy Mountains are located in southeastern California in the United States.
The McGrath Cup is a gaelic football competition played each January in Munster.
The Meadowlands is the third studio album by American indie rock band The Wrens.
The mechanism by which these other mutations are created is not well understood.
The mechanisms underlying positive visual phenomena are not yet well understood.
The Mechi flowing nearby forms the boundary between Nepal and India in the area.
The medal was presented in the name of the Chairman of the Council of Ministers.
The Media Metrix part of Jupiter Media Metrix was subsequently sold to comScore.
The Medical Center is part of the Santa Clara Valley Health and Hospital System.
The medication was suggested as a potential contraceptive and therapeutic agent.
The medulla fastens the lichen to the substrate and is made up of fungal hyphae.
The Melbourne Line was a railway line which ran from Derby to Ashby de la Zouch.
The melodrama was written by Clarence J. Harris and directed by Richard Garrick.
The Melville Society is an organization for the study of author Herman Melville.
The members of this Church are known as Nazaranis or Marthoma Suriyani Nazarani.
The members of this madom are the traditional head priests of Sabarimala temple.
The meme is sometimes referred to as PvN and has a long history on the Internet.
The Mendocino Range is a component of the California Coast Ranges of California.
The menstrual cup was an alternative to the tampon or sanitary napkin for women.
The merchants and Zoroastrians from India harnessed this caravanserai as a stop.
The merged school was and still is based at the former Nether Providence campus.
The Merv Griffin Show is an American television talk show starring Merv Griffin.
The method has been calibrated using the ages of samples returned from the Moon.
The methods have in common that they associate grammar rules with a probability.
The MIAA competes in two of the three active football bowls in NCAA Division II.
The Miami would also be provided one hundred and sixty bushels of salt annually.
The middle segment of the upperside of the thorax has a black spot on each side.
The MIF is funded from a surtax on the recording of mortgages in New York State.
The Mighty Sound of Maryland is the marching band of the University of Maryland.
The migrants also contributed to the culture of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands.
The Milhiems are an ethnic group living in parts of Northeast India and Myanmar.
The military affirmation is usually taken on the same day in a smaller ceremony.
The Military Secretary is one of six Principal Staff Officers of the Army Chief.
The mill houses here are noteworthy for their simple form and dense arrangement.
The mill is unusual in that it takes its power directly from the Delaware River.
The mine is found in Cambodia and Vietnam as well as possibly Laos and Thailand.
The mine is located in the center of the country in the Central Bohemian Region.
The mine is normally painted olive green and has a large central pressure plate.
The Miners are a member of the West Division of the independent Frontier League.
The Mini Guppy is one of the Guppy line of aircraft produced by Aero Spacelines.
The miniseries was directed by Michael Anderson and written by Richard Matheson.
The miniseries was written by Shane Connaughton and directed by Nicholas Renton.
The minister administers the portfolio through the Ministry of Youth and Sports.
The Minister for Information in Ghana usually heads the Ministry of Information.
The Minister of Home Affairs is head of the Indonesian Ministry of Home Affairs.
The Minister of Public Enterprises is a Minister in the Cabinet of South Africa.
The Minister of Social Development is a Minister in the Cabinet of South Africa.
The Ministry for Jewish Affairs was an interwar Lithuanian government portfolio.
The Ministry of Internal Affairs is a ministry of the Government of South Sudan.
The Ministry of Municipal Affairs is a former government department in Manitoba.
The Ministry of National Guidance and Religious Affairs is a ministry in Zambia.
The Ministry of Shipping and Island Policy is a government department of Greece.
The Minnesota Supreme Court is the highest court in the U.S. state of Minnesota.
The Mischief Club existed for children with members getting a collectable badge.
The Missionary Museum contains information on missionary endeavors in this area.
The mission of the temple is to preserve and promote the Saivite Hindu religion.
The Miss Kentucky United States pageant is a preliminary for Miss United States.
The mixtape was hosted by DJ Hustlenomics and was primarily produced by DJ Kenn.
The MLPA has clear guidance associated with the development of this MPA network.
The moated site and some of the formal gardens are all that remain of the house.
The model took several years to develop and was considered a prototype by Arrow.
The model was produced by Bombardier in a partnership between the two companies.
The modern conception of personal life is an offshoot of modern Western society.
The modern flats and shops known as Halliwick Court are now located on the site.
The modern name derives from the remaining column of the Temple of Juno Lacinia.
The modern village of Croxdale exists because of coal mining coming to the area.
The Mojave Experiment is an advertising campaign by Microsoft for Windows Vista.
The molecule consists of two thiol groups and linked via a pair of amide groups.
The Moles were an Australian Alternative band founded and led by Richard Davies.
The Monash University Prato Center is a teaching and research center in Tuscany.
The monastery is the final resting place of L.L Catholicose Baselios Paulose II.
The Mongols founded many states such as the vast Mongol Empire and other states.
The monomer itself from ribonucleotides forms the basic building blocks for RNA.
The Monroes find a bunny at the theater where they were watching a Dracula film.
The Montaigne Montesquieu station is located on line of the tramway de Bordeaux.
The Montana Libertarian Party is the Montana affiliate of the Libertarian Party.
The monument also features memorials to individual Canadian vessels and sailors.
The monument consists of a granite pedestal and a marble statue resting thereon.
The monument is a bronze equestrian statue of Civil War hero James B. McPherson.
The Moraine Park Lodge adjoins the William Allen White Cabins historic district.
The more residential Frognal and Fitzjohns covers much of the rest of Hampstead.
The Moskovoretskaya Formation is a Middle Jurassic geologic formation in Russia.
The Mosquito Coast is the most successful novel by American author Paul Theroux.
The most common cause for puberty menorrhagia is dysfunctional uterine bleeding.
The most common cause of urinary frequency in older men is an enlarged prostate.
The most common criticism concerned the lack of free play and multiplayer modes.
The most famous form of Scottish undergraduate dress is the red or scarlet gown.
The most famous Sibyl was located at Cumae and the most famous Bakis at Boeotia.
The most important work carried out there was a study of the motion of the moon.
The mostly naked pinkish stems bear inflorescences of hairy clusters of flowers.
The most salient feature of Old English poetry is its heavy use of alliteration.
The most successful act for this incarnation of Congress was the Flying Machine.
The most successful team is the Old Dominion Lady Monarchs who have nine titles.
The most well known work by Frosterus is Stockmann department store in Helsinki.
The most widely accepted common name for members of the family is funnel weaver.
The motion picture was written by George Stuckert and directed by Ben Bachelder.
The Mougoulacha were a Native American tribe that lived near Lake Pontchartrain.
The Mountain Division was folded after the Real Colorado Foxes franchise folded.
The mountain is located entirely within the Great Smoky Mountains National Park.
The mountain plover has had its nests counted through the drive transect method.
The mountain range has federal protection as part of the Sierra National Forest.
The mountain was named in honor of the Swiss naturalist Johann Jakob Scheuchzer.
The mount employed a "breech lock" system to attach the lens to the camera body.
The Mount Goodenough Formation is a geologic formation in Northwest Territories.
The Move is built upon the chassis of the Daihatsu Cuore but with a taller body.
The movement for moral education had an ardent champion in the Ethical movement.
The movement of a single large particle can start the formation of a dust bunny.
The movements of the system are tightly controlled by a digital test controller.
The movie has been listed as one of the worst Hindi movies ever by many critics.
The movie is based on the religious theme based on Karoli Maa of Hindu religion.
The movie stars Tom Sizemore as Pete Rose and was directed by Peter Bogdanovich.
The movie was a success at the French box office and achieved release in the US.
The movie was directed by Terry Winsor and written by Daniel Peacock and Winsor.
The movie was dubbed into Hindi as Farz ki Pukaar and in Telugu as Senathipathi.
The movie was Produced by Atluri Purnachandra Rao on Lakshmi Productions Banner.
The movie was produced by P.A. Sebastian and was distributed by Casino pictures.
The movie was reported to be one of the best thrillers to come out of Bollywood.
The Mr Nepal competition is a male beauty pageant sponsored by the Expose Nepal.
The MS Schwabenland was a German catapult ship owned by the Deutsche Luft Hansa.
The Mud Bay Logging Company ran a railroad to the bay where they had a log dump.
The Mughals took control of the region and ruled its land for several centuries.
The multilayer system consists of two alternating different thin metallic films.
The municipalities are minor federal units of the Federative Republic of Brazil.
The municipality is located in the northwestern corner of the island of Zealand.
The Munsif Daily is a Urdu language newspaper published from Hyderabad in India.
The Murray River flows through the reserve and is connected to several wetlands.
The museum also envisions to become the center for textile studies and research.
The museum also maintains a large collection of historic agricultural equipment.
The Museum building is an architectural monument of the late nineteenth century.
The museum contains one of the most important collections of Asian art in Italy.
The museum exhibits some valuable pieces of sculptures found in vihara premises.
The museum has a fence around its facilities at Willow and cameras for security.
The museum has a range of flying and static aircraft displays as well as a cafe.
The museum holds one of the major collections of Asian art in the United States.
The museum includes Teddy Bear House and displays antique and other teddy bears.
The museum is accessible over a bridge and from the Castle Quay Shopping Center.
The museums currently include the History Museum and Studebaker National Museum.
The musical has long been a popular choice for school and community productions.
The music director was Saraswati Devi with lyrics and dialogs by J. S. Casshyap.
The musicians in the early years were all members of the San Francisco Symphony.
The Music of Hong Kong is an eclectic mixture of traditional and popular genres.
The music score was by Alfred Newman and the cinematography by Arthur C. Miller.
The music score was by Bronislau Kaper and the cinematography by Robert Surtees.
The music score was by Ennio Morricone and the cinematography by Conrad L. Hall.
The music score was by Max Steiner and the cinematography by J. Peverell Marley.
The music streaming service is free to users and is supported by advertisements.
The music video features a Mardi Gras theme and stars actress Robin Christopher.
The music video for "So What" was directed by longtime collaborator Dave Meyers.
The music video for "The Plot to Bomb the Panhandle" was released a month later.
The music video is choreographed by Adil Sheik and edited by Ravi Ranjan Moitra.
The music video of the track features actors Bipasha Basu and Imran Abbas Naqvi.
The music video of the track features superstar Shakib Khan and Bidya Sinha Mim.
The music video starred American actor Judge Reinhold as the male love interest.
The music video starts with the band flying to the venue and arriving backstage.
The music was all improvised and recorded in a single take in a church in Leeds.
The music was composed by R. D. Burman with lyrics penned by Swapan Chakraborty.
The Myanmar Scouts Association is the national Scouting organization in Myanmar.
The mycelium grows bigger on one end to form sporangia and sometimes endospores.
The Mystery of Cloomber is a novel by the British author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.
The name At What Cost? has also been used by other similar but unrelated groups.
The name "Batchawana" is derived from an Ojibwe word meaning "turbulent waters".
The name Buchu is from the Khoikhoi word for the plant meaning "dusting powder".
The name "Cedar Lakes" was chosen because of its two lakes and many cedar trees.
The name comes from a small depression where bears came to wallow in a mud hole.
The name comes from the crowned anchor that appears on the obverse of the coins.
The name comes from the nicknames of the two founders when they were in college.
The name derives from the church which was dedicated to St Bega an Irish abbess.
The named Pennsylvania exchange served the area around Penn Station in New York.
The name fede is from the Italian phrase mani in fede or hands clasped in faith.
The name in Ireland is an Anglicisation of the Irish Gaelic surname Mac Oibicin.
The name is a reference to the Miranda warning used by law enforcement agencies.
The name is a reference to the promises of fake alchemists from the Middle Ages.
The name is believed to be derived from the Anglo Saxon word sharn meaning dung.
The name is derived Rourell oak tree that is depicted in the arms of the people.
The name is generally derived from or is related to the male first name Mikhail.
The name Malacoda is roughly equivalent to "bad tail" or "evil tail" in Italian.
The name Maluca in Spanish is a derivative of Mala which means bad or mean girl.
The name "matins" originally referred to the morning office also known as lauds.
The name means "scattered" or "wanderer" in the Sama language of the Banguingui.
The name "Natsume" was retained by both companies in their respective countries.
The name of Ixhuatepec means "place in the leaves hill" in the Nahuatl language.
The name of Martyrs of Japan is used as the church was blessed on her feast day.
The name of the area is dedicated to Indian freedom fighter Lal Bahadur Shastri.
The name of the award is in honor of Canadian mathematician John Charles Fields.
The name of the journal is taken from the Turkish spelling of the word "praxis".
The name of the novel was changed to "The Masked Mother" for the London edition.
The name of the river derives from a Chilcotin word meaning "many beaver river".
The Name of the Rose is the first EP released by the Melodic Hard rock band Ten.
The name of this problem is due to the window size shrinking to a "silly" value.
The name perhaps has been derived from this area having been used as an orchard.
The name Rushy Mead comes from an old map showing the area as riverside meadows.
The name schnecken means snails in German and refers to the shape of the pastry.
The name seems to be related to Alicia in Spanish and Adele or Delia in English.
The names of Pontifices Maximi for the Roman Republic are listed below as known.
The Name Tunganistan was coined by the Austrian Mongolia expert Walther Heissig.
The name "vedovamazzei" was on a door plate the two found on a street in Naples.
The name Wiske is derived from an Old English word wisca meaning a water meadow.
The Namibia national basketball team is the national basketball team in Namibia.
The Nanwan Reservoir scenic spot has rich connotations of mountains and islands.
The narrator describes a dream in which Joseph K. is walking through a cemetery.
The narrowed part in the middle is referred to as the body or shaft of the bone.
The narrowing of the platform is most apparent at the north end of the platform.
The Narval class were a group of submarines built for the Imperial Russian Navy.
The "National Anthem of the Republic of China" is the national anthem of Taiwan.
The National Assembly of the Gambia is the unicameral legislature of the Gambia.
The National Bureau of Statistics oversees and publishes statistics for Nigeria.
The National Culture Fund of Bulgaria is the official arts council for Bulgaria.
The national flower of the country is the Magnolia sieboldii with white flowers.
The national governed body of the sport is the "Atya Patya Federation of India".
The nationalities requiring a visa are standardized as per European Union rules.
The national park contains a fringing coral reef of high degree of biodiversity.
The National Park Law of the Republic of China only applies to the latter areas.
The National Reality Truth Creation Party was a minor political party in Belize.
The National Treasury is one of the departments of the South African government.
The National Work and Family Month is the month of October in the United States.
The native lake has no significant tributaries but is fed by water from springs.
The natural lake is used as a drinking water reservoir for the city of Lausanne.
The natural scenery of Pat Sin Leng and Tolo Harbor can be viewed from the park.
The nature of love is explored in this trio of short films from the Philippines.
The Nature Reserve also contains one of the main tourist beaches in Teignbridge.
The nature reserve has several good lookouts that offer fine views of the coast.
The navicular and cuneiform bones are connected by dorsal and plantar ligaments.
The navy had ships in sufficient numbers to have overwhelmed any invasion fleet.
The Navy League Cadet program is separate from the Canadian Cadet Organizations.
The NCCA works in collaboration with state ecumenical councils around Australia.
The NDLI provides free access to many books in English and the Indian languages.
The nearby Walcheren Barracks maintains a vestigal link to the Army in the area.
The nearest airport is at Guwahati Airport and railway station at Paltan Bazaar.
The nearest supply center for fuel and food is at the community of Rivers Inlet.
The necktie spreads its ends upwards as if it is fluttering lightly in the wind.
The neighborhood crosses south of Willowbend Boulevard and extends to Briarbend.
The neighborhood is easily accessible to downtown Boston via the MBTA Blue Line.
The neighborhood is served by Line D and Line H of the Buenos Aires Underground.
The neighborhood is served by the Old Town station of the Staten Island Railway.
The neighborhood is surrounded by banks and trees as it was originally a forest.
The neotype is in the collection of the Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa.
The network emphasizes environmental protection as a form of spiritual activism.
The network is the primary affiliate of the Nine Network in most regional areas.
The network was a collaboration with the Indian real estate website MagicBricks.
The Nevada Lieutenant Governor is an elected office in the U.S. state of Nevada.
The Nevis Island Assembly is the local legislative body for the island of Nevis.
The New Adelphi was a London periodical which was owned by John Middleton Murry.
The New American Fiction Prize is an annual prize awarded by New American Press.
The New Cambridge editions feature lengthy introductions and copious annotation.
The new headpiece on this guitar also allows the use of single ball end strings.
The new image to the second eye suppresses perception of the image to the first.
The New Jerusalem is a work for brass band by the British composer Philip Wilby.
The newly formed CW network claimed their departure was due to a salary dispute.
The newly redesigned aircraft was well received by the civil aviation community.
The new managing editor is Andy McVittie alongside features editor Howard Smith.
The new party was not affiliated to any of the Trotskyist Fourth Internationals.
The new religion was immensely effective at overturning the traditional culture.
The new ruling class represented both English and Scottish interests in Ireland.
The new school is adjacent to the Gasworks and nuclear waste reprocessing plant.
The new ships were also designed to meet new competition from the United States.
The new ship was already being built and so took on the name of her predecessor.
The newspaper also produces a weekly shoppers guide called the Big Bear Shopper.
The newspaper is a registered society under the Society Act of British Columbia.
The newspaper was published with three local editions including The Californian.
The newsreel was produced by Paramount Pictures for their Paramount News series.
The new URL should be provided in the Location field included with the response.
The New York Giants defeated the Philadelphia Athletics to win the World Series.
The New York Times called it one of the most famous of all Afterschool specials.
The New York Times characterized research for the work as "vigorously reported".
The New Zealand Seniors Party is an unregistered political party in New Zealand.
The next station west is Amaya Drive and the next station east is Arnele Avenue.
The Nextwave Sessions is an extended play by British indie rock band Bloc Party.
Then Field Marshal K. M. Cariappa had asked "Is there a Communist in this room?"
The Ngandangara were an indigenous Australian people of the state of Queensland.
The NHL operated the team in Phoenix for four seasons while seeking a new owner.
The Niagara Ice Hockey Club were an early ice hockey team in the United Kingdom.
The Nicaragua national baseball team is the national baseball team of Nicaragua.
The night life reveals several clubs all in close proximity vying for clientele.
The Nitinaht Indians of Vancouver Island used maidenhair moss to bandage wounds.
Then it was headed by another Deobandi scholar Fakhre Bangal Allama Tazul Islam.
The NJIT Baseball team and NJIT Track teams also used the facility for practice.
The Nome King is a fictional character created by American author L. Frank Baum.
The Norseman lithograph refers to Erik the Red and his journey to the New World.
The North American localizations of both games were produced by Working Designs.
The north and south sides are crescents rather than typical borders of a square.
The North British Railway built new main lines and upgraded some existing lines.
The northeast end of the range is bounded by the White River Valley to the east.
The northern and southern borders are vague at best mixed with trees and houses.
The northern banks of the lakes form the county boundary with the West Midlands.
The northern churches become known as the Sudan Evangelical Presbyterian Church.
The northern end of Sauvie Island lies across the Columbia from Bachelor Island.
The northern side of the Balfrin is covered by a glacier named Balfringletscher.
The North Frisian Islands are the Frisian Islands off the coast of North Frisia.
The north island is somewhat less rocky and more forested than the south island.
The North Nova Scotia Highlanders was an infantry regiment of the Canadian Army.
The north side of the Arpelistock is covered by a glacier named Geltengletscher.
The notable members of the group included New Orleans clarinetist Sidney Bechet.
The noted actor Naseeruddin Shah played the role of Ghote in The Perfect Murder.
The Nova Scotia peninsula is a peninsula on the Atlantic coast of North America.
The novel also includes the first example of Native American literary criticism.
The novels have been adapted as a television series that currently airs on Syfy.
The novel was adapted by Neil Paterson with uncredited work by Mordecai Richler.
The novel won the Kerry Ingredients Book of the Year Award for Best Irish Novel.
The NPI is not intended for use in diagnosing Narcissistic Personality Disorder.
The NRAMP family is a member of the large APC Superfamily of secondary carriers.
The NRHP listing included one contributing building and one contributing object.
The NSW Mounted Police Unit is the oldest continuous mounted group in the world.
Then they broke the windows and popped a couple of canisters in from the street.
The Nubian Message is currently published each Wednesday during the school year.
The Nueces Canyon Consolidated Independent School District serves area students.
The Nuer people are a Nilotic ethnic group primarily inhabiting the Nile Valley.
The nursery name being a corruption of the brook that runs adjacent to the site.
The NYPD has refused to release details of the uses and operation of these vans.
The Oakeley Arms Hotel is a Grade II listed hotel near Maentwrog in North Wales.
The objective is to rotate the console around and defeat enemies known as flaws.
The objective of the raid was to free French Resistance and political prisoners.
The object of the game is to navigate through the Castle to rescue the Princess.
The observatory is one of the five observatories built by Maharaja Jai Singh II.
The observatory itself has been continually improved technically over the years.
The Observer called it "a tale about the perils of unchecked global capitalism".
The obstacle course is designed to show the partnership between horse and rider.
The Oceanium is also home to scientific research into the conservation of coral.
The ocean waters in the area are known for their dolphin and turtle populations.
The Ochrolechiaceae are a family of lichenized fungi in the order Pertusariales.
The offering of fish by the male to the female is part of the courtship display.
The officeholder holds the rank of Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary.
The Office of the First Minister was a portfolio within the Scottish Government.
The Office replaces an earlier agency called the Overseas Investment Commission.
The Ohio State University Marching Band sings "Come On Ohio" in their rendition.
The Ohio to Erie Trail follows a portion of the towpath trail in Northeast Ohio.
The Okhla Vihar Metro Station is located on the Magenta Line of the Delhi Metro.
The Oklahoma Court System is the judicial system for the U.S. State of Oklahoma.
The old elephant now resides on top of the Colonial Theater in downtown Belfast.
The Old English Pheasant Fowl is a rare breed of chicken originating in England.
The oldest market in this location had been turned into a modern market complex.
The old man quoted in the ad worked in the property industry and is now retired.
The Old Republic is an American comic book series set in the Star Wars universe.
The Old St. Stephens site lies directly on the river and is no longer inhabited.
The Olenekian saw the deposition of a large part of the Buntsandstein in Europe.
The Onapottan visits the houses during the Utradam and Thiruvonam days of Onam .
The one hundred kwacha note of Zambia is a denomination of the Zambian currency.
The one room movie house has undergone complete renovation and seismic retrofit.
The Online Citizen where he was in charge of the news desk and the foreign desk.
The only country not to be affected by contender injuries was the United States.
The only event this class competes in at the Paralympic Games is the club throw.
The only flood recorded in the history of Fergus Falls was due to this disaster.
The only form of effective treatment developed for dysprosody is speech therapy.
The only known remains are fragments unearthed in Native American shell middens.
The only mandatory inputs in terms of variable gasses are water vapor and ozone.
The only naturally occurring specimens of the grass grow in Polihale State Park.
The only offered products since foundation are the Chery QQ and the Chery Tiggo.
The only other differences were new preset rhythm patterns and the metal casing.
The only remaining building in the old village is the ruined church of St Peter.
The only remnant of the station is the crumbling retaining wall of the platform.
The only significant remains are the gateposts at the head of the approach road.
The only way to enter the S state is to satisfy a read request from main memory.
The Ontario Southland Railway Inc. is an independently held short line operator.
The open age teams play in the National Division of the Rugby League Conference.
The operational envelope can be extended by use of tractors in horizontal wells.
The operation also led to the freeing of a Yazidi woman who was held as a slave.
The operation of the port facilities is carried out by independent corporations.
The operation was the first German military ground offensive since World War II.
The opposite or whorled flowers have lavender or pink petals and reddish sepals.
The opposition has currently completely ruled out cooperation in the initiative.
The OPR also advises the complainant and the accused attorney of its conclusion.
The Oraciu River or Orociu River is a tributary of the Pustnic River in Romania.
The Orangemen were affiliated with the National Collegiate Athletic Association.
The order is made up of lay Brothers and Sisters who live in a communal setting.
The order may be moved from department to department for approval automatically.
The order was given in response to rising crime rates and police overtime costs.
The Oregon Association utilizes a different organization of their Parli Pro CDE.
The Oregon Common School Fund is part of the budget of the U.S. state of Oregon.
The Oregon State Leather Contest is the largest leather title contest in Oregon.
The organization actively tries to encourage its younger members to participate.
The organization fields Tier III teams in the USPHL Premier and Elite Divisions.
The organization has been described as "an elitist version of the Ku Klux Klan".
The organization hopes to set up bases across the country to cover a wider area.
The organization is active in both Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland.
The organization is currently active in the Kibera and Mathare slums of Nairobi.
The organization is dedicated to creating public places that foster communities.
The organization is dedicated to the teaching and practice of medical first aid.
The organization is staffed by officers deputed from Central Excise and Customs.
The organization is viewed as the successor to the George C. Marshall Institute.
The organizations are classified under the wuxia novels in which they appear in.
The organization shares many attributes of a somewhat secretive gentlemans club.
The organization subsequently evolved into the current nonprofit Graham Windham.
The organization was founded by women teachers to improve education in Bulgaria.
The Organized Crime Control Bureau was headed by Bureau Chief Thomas P. Purtell.
The organizers of the race invited Korean rapper PSY to wave the checkered flag.
The original captions on the photos clearly label the creek as "Glenview Creek."
The original cassette version of the album was released with three bonus tracks.
The original demo tracks can be found on the special bonus disk from that album.
The original design was created by four graduates from the Royal College of Art.
The original editors of the Public Eye Magazine were Harvey Kahn and Mark Ryter.
The original KIPP Academies have a sustained record of high student achievement.
The original liner notes were by The Everly Brothers whom Atkins later produced.
The original Manor house became a farmhouse and has been extended several times.
The original mansard roof has since been converted to an additional third story.
The original MICE design was based on a scheme outlined in Feasibility Study II.
The original photography of his hanging is currently shown in Azerbaijan Museum.
The original reserve created is what is known as the Neskonlith Douglas Reserve.
The original station became known as the Old Yard and provided goods facilities.
The original station building was of typical Francis Thompson Italianate design.
The original structure is thought to be the oldest extant structure in Holbrook.
The original title for the album given to the music press was Lord of the Rings.
The original version of "Castles in the Air" was included on the Tapestry album.
The original village is called Sujawn and the divided part is known as Musehari.
The original website www.joe.ie was founded by Irish entrepreneur Niall McGarry.
The origin of the explosion has been narrowed down to the center of the factory.
The origin of the family name Herdrich is Northern Germany and Southern Denmark.
The origin of the name "Blowout" is reported to be due to a bat guano explosion.
The origin of the name may mean "three swamps" in the local Aboriginal language.
The origin or purpose of the curse is not generally agreed and rarely discussed.
The Orioles won the game when Stefero connected on a single in the ninth inning.
The Orion Nebula and the Sun are in the same spiral arm of the Milky way Galaxy.
The ornamentation otherwise consists of an external covering of small tubercles.
Theory U is a change management method and the title of a book by Otto Scharmer.
The other arrest was of a member of The Graham Bond Organization for Possession.
The other construction is "Pearl Sky" which will also be a residential building.
The other fetal membranes are the allantois and the secondary umbilical vesicle.
The others are those living in other unsuitable housing or in homeless shelters.
The other shores of Lake Hall are lined with private property and private homes.
The others were secluded in a villa in Spain and were only gradually introduced.
The other two being St. James Episcopal Church and the Oskaloosa Public Library.
The other two programs are located at Bethel University and Augsburg University.
The other two USS Adams that have existed were named after the second president.
The Ould Lammas Fair is held each year on the last Monday and Tuesday of August.
The OUN intended to take advantage of the retreat of Soviet forces from Ukraine.
The outer lough is restricted to mainly rocky shores with some small sandy bays.
The outlet flows into Salmon Lake and then from there into Stillwater Reservoir.
The outlet of Big Moose Lake forms the North Branch in northern Herkimer County.
The overall output is more aggressive than anything the band has released since.
The Overseas Chevrons were worn on the lower right sleeve of the uniform jacket.
The Owls entered their second season as full members of the Sun Belt Conference.
The owner of this company and reported discoverer of this video is Don Warrener.
The packs are usually sold at a small margin above the face value of the stamps.
The padding also serves to protect the hand and lower forearm of the goaltender.
The Padelford Riverboat Company is based at Harriet Island in downtown St. Paul.
The pagoda is also privately owned and has signs posted prohibiting trespassing.
The painting is currently not on display at the Norton Simon Museum in Pasadena.
The paintings belong to a category of sophisticated rock art known as Bradshaws.
The Pakistan Army Command and Staff College does likewise for the Pakistan Army.
The Pakistan International is a squash tournament that takes place in Islamabad.
The Pakistan National Kabaddi Team represents Pakistan in international kabaddi.
The Palawano languages are spoken on the province of Palawan in the Philippines.
The Pale Emperor is the ninth studio album by American rock band Marilyn Manson.
The Pan American Games is the highest level sporting competition for the region.
The Panther River is a major tributary of the Red Deer River in Western Alberta.
The paper has won numerous awards for excellence at the Maine Press Association.
The paper regularly takes a stance on issues which have polarized the community.
The paper was originally an evening paper called the Evening Mercantile Journal.
The papyrus lists the palace officials and the rations they received day by day.
The parade was created by the Mardi Gras World owner and founder Blaine Kern Sr.
The paragraphs and descriptions below describe features of some of these towers.
The Paralympics listed for each athlete only include games when they won medals.
The parish church is now a ruin and the parish is united with Hutton and Paxton.
The parishes or communities to which they were moved knew nothing of their past.
The Parish has a rich history and the main town in the parish is Ballinamallard.
The parish is part of the Deanery of Christianity within the Diocese of Lincoln.
The parish is within the Cam Vale benefice within the Diocese of Bath and Wells.
The parish stretches from the edge of Plymouth to the high moorland of Dartmoor.
The park also offers a scenic nature trail to experience the forest in the park.
The park and its fountain are the contributing site and the contributing object.
The park forms one of the largest continuous nature reserves in the Netherlands.
The Parking Lot Movie is an American documentary film directed by Meghan Eckman.
The park is connected to the site of the Hilsea Lido via the Stamshaw Esplanade.
The park is located along Lake Walcott near the Minidoka Dam on the Snake River.
The park is on the south bank of the Columbia River in the Columbia River Gorge.
The parks and other entities are serviced by a statewide system of park rangers.
The park was designed by the English landscape architect Joseph Forsyth Johnson.
The parmalean form is similar to the diatoms as it is coated in silicate plates.
The participants of this event are the athletes from all provinces of Indonesia.
The participants urged the government to adopt sustainable development policies.
The partition wall between them has wooden panels which can be opened or closed.
The partners had some initial success in selling or leasing out the psychograph.
The part of the golf course which had not been flooded was named Lennox Gardens.
The party currently does not hold any major seats at the state or federal level.
The party described itself as a democratic nationalist and ethnopluralist party.
The party endorses progressive values and mostly advocates greater youth rights.
The party had links to far right groups such as the Australian League of Rights.
The party has not been able to win any seats at the provincial level since then.
The party is one of seven political parties registered in the state of Delaware.
The party president Sonia Gandhi replaced the Chief Minister by Giridhar Gamang.
The party selected Buddha Ratna Manandhar as its representative in the Assembly.
The party was resurrected shortly after the founding of the Western Block Party.
The Pas is a provincial electoral division in the Canadian province of Manitoba.
The pass is on one of the main routes connecting northern and southern Bulgaria.
The pass was forced and the raider column pushed back to Matayan and later Dras.
The Pataz Province is one of twelve provinces of the La Libertad Region in Peru.
The path computed using CSPF is a shortest path fulfilling a set of constraints.
The Patrons are the Martyrs Memorial and the Church of England Charitable Trust.
The Patuxent center also operates its own banding station on the refuge grounds.
The payment of child support in Israel does not guaranty access to the children.
The PCI would not have a national position in government again for twenty years.
The Peace and Truce of God were fostered and the ideal of courtly love invented.
The peak body for unions in Australia is the Australian Council of Trade Unions.
The peak is located south of Fallen Leaf Lake and northwest of the Angora Lakes.
The pedestrian and cyclist Goodwill Bridge in Brisbane is named after the games.
The pelican was nursed to health and remained on the island supported by locals.
The peninsular region forming the southern Gujarat is still known as Saurashtra.
The Penza Cup is a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts.
The people of Gosford preferred to wait until a home grown team was based there.
The Peranakan Museum is a museum in Singapore specializing in Peranakan culture.
The period for "unreasonable delay" begins from the point that charges are laid.
The period of study is from its settlement through the early nineteenth century.
The personal skin care market based on natural products has shown strong growth.
The PERT was created by McCann Associates in cooperation with Florida educators.
The Pesanggrahan River flows along the eastern edge of Pesanggrahan Subdistrict.
The Peter I Monument in Taganrog is a monument to Peter I of Russia in Taganrog.
The Petit Jardin Formation is a geologic formation in Newfoundland and Labrador.
The Phenomenauts also use their music to promote science education and learning.
The Philadelphia Phillies have celebrated and honored the Stars in recent years.
The phoenix and dragon decide to remain beside it forever by becoming mountains.
The photographer was Derek Wedgbury and the location was near the Old Kent Road.
The photograph is of a distressed man sitting in a room lit by a bare lightbulb.
The photo was of Pele and Bobby Moore embracing after Brazil had beaten England.
The phrase "the Man is keeping me down" is commonly used to describe oppression.
The physical properties of the box are designed to show diffuse interreflection.
The Piavitsa mine is a mine located in the north of Greece in Central Macedonia.
The picture has comedic overtones and also features Henry B. Walthall as a poet.
The piece features footage of the artist breaking down the walls of the gallery.
The piece is composed in a more traditional idiom than most of his later pieces.
The pilot episode was written by the Benabib brothers and directed by Jay Roach.
The pilots were ultimately convicted of operating an aircraft while intoxicated.
The pimps and prostitutes interviewed mainly discuss the perks of the lifestyle.
The ping test is used on assemblies and objects where vibration can be an issue.
The PIN is encrypted immediately on entry and an encrypted PIN block is created.
The pipe incorporates an outer jacket that shrouds the inner high pressure pipe.
The Pirabeiraba River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
The place is divided into two major parts named keezhperiyaoor and Melperiyaoor.
The place is known as Rangit Water World and rafting facility is available here.
The Plain Yellow Banner was the original banner commanded personally by Nurhaci.
The plan of Operation Zahnarzt was to immediately come after Operation Nordwind.
The plant also produces food bodies that the ants use as their main food source.
The plant has a large bulb that produces a high stem with green recurved leaves.
The plant is considered "somewhat threatened" by habitat loss and other threats.
The plant is known to have existed and been admired in eighteenth century Japan.
The plant is threatened by recreational activities in the Arkansas River Valley.
The plant is used in Mexican traditional medicine to treat fever and rheumatism.
The plant reproduces by seed and may spread vegetatively by sending out stolons.
The plants are xerophytic evergreen shrubs and are known to accumulate aluminum.
The plant was subsequently adapted to smelt Lead using blast furnace technology.
The plan was for Fight+ to become available all over Europe as fast as possible.
The plaque reads Fallen in the War of Vindication and for the Grandeur of Italy.
The Platform is the debut album of the West Coast hip hop group Dilated Peoples.
The platinum award is especially prestigious as it is awarded very infrequently.
The play centers on Ollie who is searching for her missing sister in Manchester.
The player chooses an icon representing an "experience" or situation to explore.
The player controls the survivor of a space freighter crash on a strange planet.
The players explore locales around the world filled with Cthulhu Mythos horrors.
The players in this list have all played at least one List A match for Somerset.
The player who lacks the initiative may seek to regain it through counterattack.
The player who removed the most blocks without "breaking the ice" is the winner.
The play starred Olin Howland and Jack Warden and was directed by Harry Hermann.
The play went on to many other productions and public readings around the world.
The plot concerns Rumpole coming out of retirement in Florida to work on a case.
The plot concerns the assassin being given a contract on a controversial author.
The plot is loosely based on the relationship of Bugsy Siegel and Virginia Hill.
The plot of the film highlights the crime against women faced in Indian society.
The plot of this movie includes women practicing yoga in Cyprus and in a studio.
The plot revolves around a love story between one of the heroes and the villain.
The plot revolves around the theft of a prototype vehicle called the Black Moon.
The plumage on the face is gray with a slight red ring on each side of the face.
The Plymouth Cordage Company played a small role in the Sacco and Vanzetti case.
The PMU is very sensitive and a reset may be necessary if a backup battery dies.
The Pocasset Firehouse was built to serve the Flint Village section of the city.
The pocket typically consists of backbone amides or positively charged residues.
The poems in this collection observe traditional conventions of rhyme and meter.
The poem uses repeated profanity to convey a sense of futility and exasperation.
The Point Gammon Light was converted into an observation tower for birdwatching.
The point has been subdivided into real estate for cabins and summer residences.
The Point separates Lake Superior from Superior Bay and the Duluth Harbor Basin.
The police filed FIR against him for corruption in a building construction case.
The Police Medal is a decoration awarded to members of law enforcement in India.
The policyholder may also be able to use the cash value as collateral on a loan.
The policy is under review for possible expansion to the other FEMA Task Forces.
The political situation of the conflict is portrayed from an Indian perspective.
The politicization of science is the manipulation of science for political gain.
The poll was the first to be held after two key changes to the electoral system.
The pool is used for drinking water where it bubbles up at the nearer south end.
The Poplar Bluff Micropolitan Statistical Area consists of all of Butler County.
The popularity of this arrangement has led to new developments echoing the form.
The popular local Green Flag park is tucked away behind rows of terraced houses.
The population of Falaba is largely from the Mandingo and Kuranko ethnic groups.
The population of Feuchy was evacuated and the village was completely destroyed.
The population of this plant is fragmented and made up of scattered individuals.
The portal facilitates access to the archives which hold the original materials.
The Port is included in the port of call agreement between India and Bangladesh.
The Portland Pilots is the nickname for athletics at the University of Portland.
The port of Barrow is the only deep water port between the Mersey and the Clyde.
The port of entry is part of the Krasna Talivka customs post of Luhansk customs.
The Port of Liverpool Staff Association was a trade union in the United Kingdom.
The portraits display figures in profile formed by different animals or objects.
The Portucalense Bridge over the River Coja is located in this former freguesia.
The position of the telescope can be read by means of an attached Vernier scale.
The Post Oak School is a Montessori school with two campuses in Greater Houston.
The post requires a relevant postgraduate qualification and specialist training.
The Power Glove is a controller accessory for the Nintendo Entertainment System.
The power of a wrist shot comes from lower body strength more than arm strength.
The Power of Eternity is the twentieth studio album from rock band Wishbone Ash.
The power plant is owned by Jharkhand State owned Tenughat Vidyut Nigam Limited.
The practice can arise from religious prohibitions and practical considerations.
The precise identity of this bird is one of the mysteries of the Ceylon jungles.
The precise taxonomy and systematics are likely to change with ongoing research.
The preferred antidote is fomepizole with ethanol used if this is not available.
The prefix "rh" for "recombinant human" appears less and less in the literature.
The Premier then recommends the appointment of the Executive Council of Alberta.
The Premio Tudini is currently staged at the same meeting as the Derby Italiano.
The preparation of a final accounting is the last stage of the accounting cycle.
The present building is the third church erected by the conformist congregation.
The present form of urban local government owes its genesis to the British rule.
The preservation of historic video is an ongoing project of the Video Data Bank.
The preserve and museum are operated by the ASU Center for Archeology + Society.
The President El Hadj Omar Bongo was a fast attack craft used by the Gabon Navy.
The presidential contest was part of the overall general election on the island.
The Presidential State Car is the official state car of the President of Brazil.
The President of the Standing Bureau also serves as the President of the Senate.
The President or chief of police is the head of the national police in Slovakia.
The presiding officer is the Chairman of the State Council of the Komi Republic.
The pretracheal fascia has two components which are continuous layers of fascia.
The price of honey also varies according to the region from which it originates.
The primarily residential district is located just north of downtown Greenville.
The primary focus of her work is the relationship between innovation and equity.
The primary importance of the expansion of credit was its role in foreign trade.
The primary inflow is the Lochalsh River arriving from Glasgow Lake at the west.
The primary inflow of the lake is a short waterway that leads from Buntzen Lake.
The primary objective of the game is to offer cruise line services to customers.
The primary purpose of a polling agent is to assist in detection of personation.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation and navigation.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power production and navigation.
The Principal is David Beck and Ed Conto is the Assistant High School Principal.
The principal meteorological cause of flooding is the Australian east coast low.
The principle by which judges are bound to precedents is known as stare decisis.
The print edition of the WSJ is generally the official source of the prime rate.
The priority of crisis intervention and counseling is to increase stabilization.
The Prize Fighter is an American comedy film starring Tim Conway and Don Knotts.
The prizes are hats and tee shirts that have the Remote Control Star logo on it.
The procedure for issuance of these permits also varies from country to country.
The procedure was pioneered in Italy and has since been taken to the UK and USA.
The process is at the crossroads between risk management and strategic planning.
The process is considerably different from interstate or intrastate extradition.
The process is made use of industrially in combustion chemical vapor deposition.
The process is often a result of a sudden fall in sea level or the rise of land.
The Process is the eighth studio album by Canadian industrial band Skinny Puppy.
The process is usually optimized to ensure that the resulting texture is usable.
The process of creating an OCP is today often referred to as a Community Vision.
The process of indexing begins with any analysis of the subject of the document.
The process of polyadenylation begins as the transcription of a gene terminates.
The process of resolving syntactic ambiguity is called syntactic disambiguation.
The producer was Richard Everiss and the compiler and director was Dave Behrens.
The production of wine in California is one third larger than that of Australia.
The production was noted for stripping the Conan Doyle text of racial overtones.
The production will also be broadcast through National Theater Live in December.
The product line was licensed to the Japanese company Kawasaki Heavy Industries.
The product of reaction of an aldehyde with trimethyl orthoformate is an acetal.
The products are marketed domestically and exported to all regions of the world.
The product takes up half the space of its nutritional equivalent in fresh milk.
The Professor of Divinity is always appointed by the City of London Corporation.
The profiling that is being done is a strong problem that needs to be looked at.
The program also includes a relationship calculator and Google maps integration.
The program featured interviews and panel discussions on the stories of the day.
The program has appeared in seven NCAA Tournaments and one College World Series.
The program soon expanded to include computer donations and technology training.
The programs will be broadcast on over twenty BBC television and radio stations.
The program tends to focus on softer news than their hard news primetime lineup.
The project describes his sound as Blackened Melodic Symphonic Holy Death metal.
The project has installed interpretive signs between Maalaea and La Perouse Bay.
The projections are referred to as Greenbook projections or Greenbook forecasts.
The project is a cooperation between British National Grid and Danish Energinet.
The project is a joint venture between Gladedale Group and the Bank of Scotland.
The project is financed with the proceeds from a guest house and from donations.
The project sought to portray diversity in the presentation of successful women.
The project was announced by producer The Alchemist through his Twitter account.
The project worked with multiple U.S. and foreign governments and organizations.
The promotions created with Buckaroo can be sent through email and social media.
The prom queen is partnered with a prom king who is elected in a similar manner.
The property exemplifies the evolution of vernacular architecture of the period.
The property includes a number of outbuildings which were relocated to the site.
The property is open to the public for visitation and historical interpretation.
The property was covered in a study of Historic Roadway Bridges of North Dakota.
The proposition "At most two boys ran" entails that "At most two boys ran fast".
The prosencephlon gradually divides into the telencephalon and the diencephalon.
The protein encoded by this gene belongs to the flavin monoamine oxidase family.
The protein encoded by this gene functions as an agonist and is an angiopoietin.
The protein encoded by this gene is a member of the RAB family of small GTPases.
The Proton Exora is a compact MPV produced by Malaysian car manufacturer Proton.
The Proton Savvy is a supermini hatchback produced by Malaysian carmaker Proton.
The protostar then becomes a star and joins the main sequence on the HR diagram.
The protozoan has four anterior flagella and an undulating membrane on one side.
The province was governed by a "Superior Political Chief" appointed by the King.
The PS William Randell is a restored paddle steamer located at Hindmarsh Island.
The Psychic Paramount is an American experimental rock group from New York City.
The pub is known locally for a quiz night on Thursdays and karaoke on Saturdays.
The pub is one of only two buildings within the village that are still thatched.
The publication has belonged to the family of its publisher since its inception.
The Public features locally created art on its covers and in weekly centerfolds.
The public is invited to attend services and events and schedule historic tours.
The public key will be used by any sender to encrypt a message to the key owner.
The public sculpture is made up of a steel tower with an angel suspended inside.
The publisher was Three Rivers Press and the magazine was based in Rhode Island.
The publishing of the book most likely lead to him losing his job as headmaster.
The Puerto Ferro Lighthouse is now part of the Vieques National Wildlife Refuge.
The pulling load is indicated through a strain gage placed on the pulling point.
The pulsed light exits the end face with a smaller beam width and no divergence.
The pupae are ovoid with a central clear band characteristic for this subfamily.
The pupa is made in a slender cocoon with frass grains deposited along the side.
The pupil restrict to form a vertical slit and the tympanum is usually distinct.
The purpose is to ensure that the risks related to the substance are controlled.
The purpose of the national parks is the protection of the Wadden Sea ecoregion.
The purpose of the newsletter was to act as a forum of discussion among gay men.
The QSO is based in the Australian Broadcasting Corporation South Bank Building.
The Quaker family of Backhouse were prominent linen manufacturers in Darlington.
The quality of the controlling menu is more secure and reliable because of this.
The Queen has stated that it was one of her dreams to attend the Kentucky Derby.
The Queen of England had the pattern on her bedroom wall in the Tower of London.
The Queensland Party opposed Communism and the caucus process of party politics.
The Quiet Table is the second studio album by the American rock band Three Fish.
The quiz endeavored to test the cricket quotient of students across the country.
The race is memorable for one of the greatest underdog victories in Formula One.
The race is remembered for three noteworthy Indy traditions getting their start.
The race was one of the premier bitches only event in the UK greyhound calendar.
The racquet is also labeled with "Ripper" followed by the trademark symbol "TM".
The radio pieces are broadcast on the ABC national networks and ABC Local Radio.
The Radium Express is a tugboat operated by the Northern Transportation Company.
The railway station is owned by Indian Railways and operated by Eastern Railway.
The Rajendra Place Metro Station is located on the Blue Line of the Delhi Metro.
The rally was also the seventh round of the Production World Rally Championship.
The ramming attack ended when the truck crashed into an empty bus near a school.
The rampage ended when his car crashed into a parked vehicle and came to a stop.
The Ramsar Palace is one of the historic buildings and royal residences in Iran.
The range is a single block of a unique marine sandstone deposit of Miocene age.
The range of a musical part is the distance between its lowest and highest note.
The ranking is to rate the performance level of male professional squash player.
The rank insignia for rank is a Sri Lanka emblem over a crossed saber and baton.
The rank is generally awarded to those cadets who show obvious leadership skill.
The Raphia Decree is an ancient inscribed stone stela dating from ancient Egypt.
The Rapids compete in Major League Soccer as a member of the Western Conference.
The RASP is closest of all the abstract models to the common notion of computer.
The rate was only applied to certain technical specialists and no longer exists.
The rationale behind this rule was that the neutral nation was aiding the enemy.
The reaction is dependent on the amino acid composition of the measured protein.
The reaction is reversible so that pyruvic acid and arginine can be regenerated.
The reaction product is an aromatic acyloin with benzoin as the parent compound.
Thereafter he killed two terrorists but sustained gunshot wounds in the process.
The reality show follows the life of EJ Johnson who moves back to New York City.
The realization of the event is largely under control of event organization BCM.
The real risk of death or the best way to treat these patients is not yet known.
There also are seven towers to monitor perimeter security and offender movement.
There area also isolated populations in eastern Inyo County and in Modoc County.
There are a great number of Hindu Religious Festivals held throughout the world.
There are also outcrops near the surface in the vicinity of the Blackwood River.
There are also related notions of almost normal surface and spun normal surface.
There are also several tiny craterlets located within the jumbled inner surface.
There are also situations in which an organization or project is set up to fail.
There are also three black points on the veins at the end of the discal areolet.
There are also tributes to artists and personalities from the Cuban music scene.
There are also views of the dramatic scenery of the valley of the River Derwent.
There are a number of types of diaphragms with different rim and spring designs.
There are at least two pronunciation systems used for Latin by English speakers.
There are boards in countries outside of the US which have the same regulations.
There are currently copies in the Russian State Library in Moscow and elsewhere.
There are currently no divisions among the Estonian Ground Force infantry units.
There are few similarities in the sequences of the different types of lysozymes.
There are four chedis located at the four compass points of the ordination hall.
There are four Wimbledon Common rangers cottages on Stag Lane and Friars Avenue.
There are many factors that influence proper ignition timing for a given engine.
There are many good people in Queensburgh .Many are locals at circle of friends.
There are many other variations on how negative utilitarianism can be specified.
There are multiple origins for ethnic hatred and the resulting ethnic conflicts.
There are nationally significant numbers of shoveler and gadwall in late winter.
There are no incorporated municipalities in the primarily agricultural township.
There are no recurring cast members or canonical references to its predecessors.
There are numerous situations where a claim is extinguished by operation of law.
There are psychological and physiological implications to the experience of fun.
There are seven entry and exit points from SCBD to different avenues of Jakarta.
There are several hundred Chinese citizens and nationals who live in Bangladesh.
There are several interesting publications to conduct phenomenology of practice.
There are several methods known to manufacture electrically conductive textiles.
There are several models and they were designed for usage in harsh environments.
There are several radically different mechanical designs of preselector gearbox.
There are several small craters along the inner wall in the north and northwest.
There are six major genotypes of hepatitis C virus which includes many subtypes.
There are sixteen counties and one independent city in the U.S. state of Nevada.
There are slight outward bulges in the rim to the northwest and along the south.
There are two studies for the figure of God and one for the angel above Jupiter.
There are two types of Knobloch syndrome and the case has been made for a third.
There are two types of rings in the system known as maxicircles and minicircles.
There are two weekly flights of Pakistan International Airlines to/from Karachi.
There are usually no ray florets but one or two occasionally emerge from a head.
There are wet meadows in which rare plants such as Marsh Lousewort can be found.
The rear number plates have a yellow reflective background with black lettering.
The rear wall is filled with square stone pierced panels in geometrical designs.
The reason for using PPS is to improve the efficiency of the estimation process.
The reasons for its disappearance are unknown but probably involve habitat loss.
There can also be border checks between two parts of the same customs territory.
The recommender system uses AI to predict correlations for further applications.
The reconstruction work did not affect the structure or the shape of the church.
There continued to be spontaneous outbreaks of revival in the twentieth century.
The recorder is used as a teaching instrument and has a large amateur following.
The record made it to number one on the Juke Box Race Records chart and was Pvt.
The recreation area is managed by the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources.
The Red Barn Gallery is one of the latest photography gallery spaces in Belfast.
The Red Line Archives is the ninth release by Industrial metal band Red Harvest.
The red phone box is often seen as a British cultural icon throughout the world.
There exist various well defined techniques for preparing field emission probes.
The reflex should cause slight pronation or supination and slight elbow flexion.
The reformed Bacchanalia rites may have been merged with the Liberalia festival.
The regency is separated from the Bone Regency to its north by the River Tangka.
The regimental headquarters and museum of the London Scottish Regiment is at no.
The regiment served in the Union Army XIX Corps in Louisiana throughout the war.
The regiment went through several changes of designation throughout its history.
The region experiences cyclones mostly between the months of November and April.
The Region has now been disbanded and superseded by the Central Theater Command.
The region of Macedonia is known to have been inhabited since Paleolithic times.
The region of West Highland was created to separate between Oban and Dalwhinnie.
The regions are listed in alphabetical order of the corresponding English names.
The rehabilitation of access roads on both sides of the bridge is to be started.
There has also been some conjecture that Admah is mentioned in the Ebla tablets.
There has been a Jewish presence in France since at least the early Middle Ages.
There has been significant investment in facilities in the park in recent times.
There have been a number of projects to collect and preserve these publications.
There have been several liturgical books used in American Presbyterian Churches.
There have been six executive directors in the history of the Gaming Commission.
There have been three first ministers of a Canadian government of Asian descent.
There he was believed to have received training in bookbinding in New York City.
There he wintered on Macquarie Island and worked on speciation in Giant Petrels.
There is a book written on his behalf and an ethnic song dedicated to his deeds.
There is a bypass that has just been built near Rugeley the town nearest Colton.
There is a carry down trail on the northeast shore via trail off Lamb Hill Road.
There is access from Prestwick Road between Little Oxhey Lane and Heysham Drive.
There is access to the reserve from the road between St Osyth and Lee Wick Farm.
There is a concentrated nerve center in this area called the trigeminal nucleus.
There is a concerted effort at the Kendra to do away with a hierarchical system.
There is a country house called Howbury Hall in the southern part of the parish.
There is a criminal liability in Kazakhstan for distributing and using the book.
There is a diversity of views that propose interpretations of quantum mechanics.
There is also a bathroom tub made of marble which is believed to weigh two tons.
There is also a beach and shopping center within walking distance of most homes.
There is also a designated swimming area in the lake that Fall Creek flows into.
There is also a Lady Margaret Professor of Divinity at the University of Oxford.
There is also a list of films he has produced and his appearances in television.
There is also a small chain of craterlets lying across the northeast inner wall.
There is also a town named Mugamba in the Mugamba Commune located in the region.
There is also a working fish farm and a small smokehouse producing smoked foods.
There is a Metra railroad station in Melrose Park with daily service to Chicago.
There is a mistaken belief that having intercourse with a virgin will cure AIDS.
There is a mixture of old farm houses as well as an assortment of new buildings.
There is a pair of small craters on the northwestern part of the interior floor.
There is a park next to the beach surrounded by seafood restaurants and hostels.
There is a pedestrian subway linking the metro station with the railway station.
There is a smaller tunnel in Zion National Park that does not require an escort.
There is a small public beach and community town hall that continues to operate.
There is a state owned boat launch located on Middle Cassadaga off Glasgow Road.
There is a state owned hand launch located on the east shore off Bear Lake Road.
There is a toll to use the causeway that goes from Fort Myers to Sanibel Island.
There is a United States Coast Guard station on the northern tip of Eatons Neck.
There is carry down access via trail off Green Lake Road on the southeast shore.
There is controversy as to whether developing them would be morally justifiable.
There is controversy surrounding whether it is a true neuropsychiatric disorder.
There is general agreement about most aspects of the actual surviving buildings.
There is likely too to have been large communities of civilians around the site.
There is no direct evidence of humans preying on this North American glyptodont.
There is no evidence that any advertised public service ever called at the halt.
There is no evidence that Wasson played a major role in the provincial campaign.
There is no exact definition of the time when afternoon ends and evening starts.
There is no national standard or system for railroad signaling in North America.
There is no provision in US copyright law regarding any such type of protection.
There is not a major movement in Vietnam to reform the current political system.
There is only the single village of Dhawalgaon in the Dhawalgaon gram panchayat.
There is power in marianismo that stems from the female ability to produce life.
There is regatta coverage of the growing number of events for traditional boats.
There is significant research in algaculture methods to make biofuel from algae.
There is some disagreement on which country has the largest proven gas reserves.
There is very little numerical evidence of rates of cousin marriage in the past.
The relationship is usually platonic and lasts a short to medium period of time.
The relative percents of body mass of these are included in the following table.
The release features mostly improvised instrumental and experimental recordings.
The reliable provision of food through agriculture is the basis of civilization.
The remainder are maintained with the agreement and encouragement of the owners.
The remainder of the building is used by the town council and for public events.
The remainder settles out into the ocean or washes out of the air with rainfall.
The remaining four took the name "Shakane" and reinvented their sound and image.
The remaining sections of Mount Barker Road are still classified as state roads.
There may also have been unrelated persons who happened to share the same nomen.
The removals occurred predominately in the second half of the twentieth century.
The Rep produces an annual production of A Christmas Carol at the Pabst Theater.
The representation of directory data is not the same on media as it is in cache.
The Requena Province is one of the seven provinces in the Loreto Region of Peru.
The reservoir and adjacent community were named for early settler Ruth McKnight.
The reservoir Bacino di Val Malvaglia is located above the village of Malvaglia.
The reservoir was created with the aim of feeding the Rapel Hydroelectric Plant.
The resort is well known in the country for organizing Junior Golf competitions.
The response of the characters to their discovery drives the plot of the series.
The responsibilities of sheriffs and their agencies vary considerably by county.
"The rest would rather go in a pilgrimage to Mecca than Santiago de Compostela."
The resulting fragmentation of political support may result in electoral defeat.
The resulting nebula contains material from both stars and is complex in nature.
The results are used to produce tasting notes for an International Whisky Guide.
The results in Classes X and XII board examinations have been consistently good.
The result was a crushing defeat for the Cesarean forces and the death of Curio.
The result was challenged by the Democratic Alliance Party and declared invalid.
There they fill a similar niche to the insectivores of other parts of the world.
The Return of the King which has lyrics from the last verse of "A Walking Song".
The Return of Werdna is drastically different from the trilogy that precedes it.
The revolt was quickly crushed by a Roman force led by Lucius Licinius Lucullus.
There was also initial uncertainty as to whom Labor would select as a candidate.
There was a margin of more than five lengths back to the remainder of the field.
There was a station house and two staggered platforms as well as a goods siding.
There was no longer any reference to the casual relief of wayfarers at the gate.
There was significant damage on Amorgos and the neighboring island of Santorini.
There was sometimes a special repentance stool near the pulpit for this purpose.
There was virtually nothing produced in the great divide caused by World War II.
There were also numerous organizations and societies including two sports clubs.
There were also three junior sides that took part in the Midlands Junior League.
There were attacks on Dalits and Muslim neighborhoods in Ahmedabad and Vadodara.
There were many incidents that showed the strong smarts and personality of Lady.
There were no independent team owners during the first two years of competition.
There were no school uniforms which were so typical of prep schools in that era.
There were only eight entries and therefore no preliminary heats for this event.
The Rhagophthalmidae are a family of beetles within the superfamily Elateroidea.
The Richmond Braves defeated the Syracuse Chiefs to win the league championship.
The rich sculptural and stucco decoration was contributed by the Widmann family.
The rides at the park have also featured in movies such as Babe and Ghost Rider.
The Ridgeway is a permissible pathway owned by Thames Water in southeast London.
The riding of waves has likely existed since humans began swimming in the ocean.
The rifle is available in tactical as well as sporting and match configurations.
The rights to four of the five games in the series are currently held by Hasbro.
The Rio Grande Valley is an area located in the southernmost tip of South Texas.
The rising moving average is a technical indicator used in stock market trading.
The River Farrar joins with the River Glass near Struy to form the River Beauly.
The river flows northwest through the mountains before entering Lago di Fiastra.
The river forms the border between Sikkim and West Bengal states at Rangpo town.
The River Ock is a small English river which is a tributary of the River Thames.
The Rivers of Zadaa is the sixth novel in the Pendragon series by D. J. MacHale.
The river travels in a general northwest direction before turning sharply south.
The river was named by the Victoria Squatting Company surveyor Charles Burrowes.
The road between Chesoi and Embobut was virtually impassable since independence.
The road is mostly single carriageway but has some sections of dual carriageway.
The road is named after National Hero of Indonesia Lieutenant General S. Parman.
The roads names in brackets employ French nomenclature once crossing the border.
The "roar" of the water is amplified by its echo on surrounding mountain ridges.
The robots are made from recycled parts and are controlled via a MIDI sequencer.
The rocks are carved from constant wave splashing and the changing of the tides.
The rocks formed during a period belong to a stratigraphic unit called a system.
The Rogue Valley is a valley region in southwestern Oregon in the United States.
The Rongpa community is accumulated under Schedule Tribe in Indian Constitution.
The room contains the only surviving original lighting fixtures in the building.
The room is entered from the second floor corridor on the west side of the room.
The root contains antioxidants and extraction methods for it have been patented.
The Rosa Parks Story was honored with her first Primetime Emmy Award nomination.
The rose was first adopted as an heraldic device by the first Earl of Lancaster.
The Roshei Yeshiva Emeritus are Rabbi Pesach Schindler zt"l and Rabbi Joel Roth.
The round robin interview was printed in some versions of the paperback release.
The route begins from the Chimney Rock trailhead and ends at the Visitor Center.
The route is now part of a cycle path and one of the platforms is still visible.
The routine use of a cervical collar by a first aid provider is not recommended.
The Roux Scholarship is a cooking competition for up and coming chefs in the UK.
The Row Collection now forms part of the British Library Philatelic Collections.
The Royal Australian Air Force also operated a few Kingfishers from shore bases.
The Royal Engraving Collection has two sketches Eckersberg did to plan his work.
The Royal Free Hospital is located a short distance to the north of the station.
The Royal Masonic School for Boys was an independent school for boys in England.
The Royal Munster Fusiliers was a regular infantry regiment of the British Army.
The Royal Navy recaptured her and she returned to service that year as HMS Anna.
The Royal Rifle Volunteers is a former regiment of the British Territorial Army.
The rulers of Bushars acted in a hostile manner to the interests of the British.
The rules are based on the mean value and the standard deviation of the samples.
The rules given in Yapparungalakkarigai are used in the scansion of later works.
The runic inscriptions on these stones are considered the best known in Denmark.
The runway sits on a ledge above the Urubamba River with dropoffs on both sides.
The Russia national handball team is controlled by the Handball Union of Russia.
The Rutherford House presently serves as an office for Palmetto Dental Services.
The Saint of Killers was created by writer Garth Ennis with artist Steve Dillon.
The Saiqalgar are a Muslim community found in the state of Maharashtra in India.
The "salad" theme continues in variants containing mayonnaise or salad dressing.
The Salobra River is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
The Sambhuvaraya chieftains once ruled the Tonda Mandalam region of South India.
The same body design might then be adjusted to suit different brands of chassis.
The same excerpt is still used today when Satriani performs the song in concert.
The same person may sometimes overregularize and sometimes say the correct form.
The same representation is found in the provincial and territorial legislatures.
The same reservoir is used for pumped storage with the Chaira Hydro Power Plant.
The same year she competed in the Tip Top Australian Age Swimming Championships.
The same year was one of the founders of the Christian Community in Switzerland.
The samica is a small stringed and fretted traditional Croatian folk instrument.
The Samoa Girl Guides Association is the national Guiding organization of Samoa.
The SAMPLE history is sometimes used in conjunction with vital signs and OPQRST.
The Sanlam Challenge shield would be the trophy for the winner of the challenge.
The Santo Cristo River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
The satellite crater Nicolai B is attached to the exterior of the southwest rim.
The Sauce is a daily live interactive show that aired on the music network Fuse.
The sausage sizzle is a community event common across Australia and New Zealand.
The Scapular of the Most Precious Blood is a Roman Catholic devotional scapular.
The Scene Xtreme offering is similar to the large screen format offered by IMAX.
The school allows students to decide what they learn based on their inclination.
The school also has a library that is open to the public and to the pupils also.
The school also offers a French Immersion program as well as Spanish and German.
The school attracts pupils from many primary schools often from different areas.
The school began its activities with six teachers and four other official staff.
The school belongs to the school system of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Albany.
The school colors are Columbia blue and bright gold and the mascot is a mustang.
The school colors are purple and gold and athletic teams are known as the Bears.
The school district is one of the largest by land area in the State of Delaware.
The school employs a curriculum of college preparatory as well as Torah studies.
The school follows the Rule of Life of the Third Order of St. Francis of Assisi.
The school is able to accept students with learning disabilities such as Autism.
The school is accredited by The New England Association of Schools and Colleges.
The school is affiliated to CBSE and the medium of instruction is English/Hindi.
The school is affiliated to the Indian Certificate of Secondary Education board.
The school is affiliated with the Central Board of Secondary Education in Delhi.
The school is English medium with Bengali and Hindi being taught as vernaculars.
The school is home of the only Graphic Design and Management Program in Ontario.
The school is located in downtown Winnipeg on the University of Winnipeg campus.
The school is located in the neighborhood of Rockwood in the River Heights area.
The school is named after the Roman Catholic Saints John Fisher and Thomas More.
The school is neighbored by the Far East Recreation Center and Big Walnut Creek.
The school is now part of South Newcastle Trust along with Clayton Hall Academy.
The school is open to all denominations and is a non profit making organization.
The school is operated by the Orleans Central Supervisory Union school district.
The school is situated on a mountain about one kilometer away from Irikkur town.
The school is widely known as ISKANDAR and the students bears the name Iskandar.
The school mascot is the warrior and the school colors are navy blue and orange.
The school now operates under the auspices of the Toronto District School Board.
The school offers both Senior School and Junior School Certificate Examinations.
The school offers day places as well as weekly and termly boarding for all ages.
The school offers educational programs at undergraduate and postgraduate levels.
The school offers education in English medium with Nepali taught as vernaculars.
The school offers the ISC and ICSE syllabi from Kindergarten to Standard twelve.
The School of Management is also the largest business school in the SUNY system.
The School of Military Science is a academic unit of the Namibian Defense Force.
The school operated under the Newfoundland and Labrador English School District.
The school philosophy is based on their motto "Learning today for our tomorrow".
The school prides itself on having no more than sixteen students in every class.
The school retains a relationship with the Roman Catholic Diocese of Nottingham.
The schools draw parallels to the academic caliber of schools in the Ivy League.
The school secured first prize in the District School Kalolsavam for many years.
The school therefore offers boarding facilities for about a third of its pupils.
The school was accredited by the National Accrediting Commission of Career Arts.
The school was affiliated to the Madhya Pradesh State Education Boardtion Board.
The school was constructed to relieve overcrowding at Bartram Trail High School.
The school was named after a nearby stone bridge that passes over a small creek.
The Schulenburg Sticker is currently owned by the Vyvjala family of Schulenburg.
The Schumer box is a summary of the costs of a credit card in the United States.
The science and humanities stream are available in the senior secondary section.
The scientific name commemorates the American naturalist Thomas Bellerby Wilson.
The scientific name means "resembling a cymbal" for the somewhat rounded leaves.
The Scoliciosporaceae are a family of lichenized fungi in the order Lecanorales.
The scope of this basin is north of the Equator and west of the Malay Peninsula.
The screening process and requirements vary significantly between jurisdictions.
The screenplay concerns a captain who falls in love with a Queen in Monte Carlo.
The screenplay concerns a man who accidentally comes across some stolen jewells.
The screenplay concerns a workaholic British banker who neglects his girlfriend.
The screenplay focuses on the effect a seductive young man has on four siblings.
The screenplay is written by Devassy along with Shafeek Mohammed and Fahad Shan.
The screenplay was adapted by Michael Blankfort from his novel of the same name.
The screenplay was written by Herman J. Mankiewicz from a story by Leo Birinski.
The script for the series took writer Frank Deasy more than four years to write.
The script was first written by Sarah Williams and later amended by Paula Milne.
The sculptures represent deities related to rail transport in the United States.
The SDK is the first of three components that will make up the Semblio Platform.
These activities can occur at the producer side or at the consumer side or both.
These albums achieved gold and silver sales certificates respectively in the UK.
These appear to grow in rows which are inserted between existing rows of ocelli.
These appointments do not require the confirmation of the New York State Senate.
The search engine source code is written in the programming languages C and C++.
The search results are usually presented in a list and are commonly called hits.
These are among the basic weapons used to eliminate the opposing teams of worms.
These are common constituents of Lower Cambrian small shelly fossil assemblages.
These are hairy perennials or small shrubs which may be monoecious or dioecious.
These are known as Independent Financial Advisers or Commercial Finance Brokers.
These are mainly along the coastal regions with just one in the interior region.
These are on the List of Scheduled Roman to modern Monuments in Carmarthenshire.
These are sold in Uttar Pradesh and in the rest of India under various licenses.
These are sometimes referred to as the "protection" and "containment" functions.
These are spotted areas created by accumulation on the skin due to sun exposure.
These are the best performances set during the course of a specific competition.
The season also saw the breakthrough of Paul Gascoigne as a regular in midfield.
The season ended with the Houston Comets winning their fourth WNBA championship.
The season is directly subsequent to Real World/Road Rules Challenge the season.
The season marked the start of a long reign of Honda in the touring car classes.
The season usually ends with the Academy Awards in late February or early March.
The season was abbreviated in order to return the tour to a calendar year basis.
The seat is largely the successor to the former Plymouth Devonport constituency.
The seat was retained by Labor Party with the election of candidate Mike Kaiser.
The seawater greenhouse is a response to the global water crisis and peak water.
These beds date back to the Albian and Cenomanian stages of the Late Cretaceous.
These boat are not the same as prahu kalulis of Western part of the archipelago.
These cacti survive in these conditions because they are quite dry at that time.
These cards will be passed to another section when they process the related job.
These cells appear at the vascularized edge of the recently transplanted cornea.
These chemicals may come from bacteria or from other phagocytes already present.
These clauses lay out explicit instructions for dealing with simultaneous death.
These common terminologies are based on the size or the source of the materials.
The secondary structure of this RNA element is a cloverleaf that resembles tRNA.
The second floor of the addition is used for additional locker rooms and a shop.
The second floor was a favorite spot to view hangings at the Orange County Jail.
The second floor windows are arched in pairs by round arches of similar styling.
The second half of this phase of the war was dominated by the Kingdom of France.
These conditions are present at birth and most become apparent in early infancy.
These conditions are the same that are followed when creating the wayang kulits.
The second most popular sports league in Canada is the Canadian Football League.
The second segment is longer and ends in a bulge and a flagellum arises from it.
These constraints mean many known sites have been deliberately left unexcavated.
The sect has also found its way into martial arts films such as King of Beggars.
The Section IV challenge has been credited with suppressing new drug innovation.
The sectors have been categorized in accordance with their degree of regulation.
The Security Council expressed concern at the fragile situation in Sierra Leone.
These deals are designed to attract large numbers of shoppers into the business.
These documents are supplied from the British Library via its On Demand service.
The seeds are also distinctive with distinctive irregular ridges on their sides.
The seeds are released when the woody seed capsule splits open after drying out.
The seeds used for this purpose were chosen to withstand heavy aircraft traffic.
The seeds were determined based upon the teams regular season conference record.
These efforts are in furtherance of a solidly liberal agenda that NJDC promotes.
These engines are based on a BMW design but modified for use in Toyota vehicles.
These epiphytic orchids occur from Central to Southern Brazil down to Argentina.
These estates lie within the Oldham part of Alt in the north of the parish area.
These evaluations are not publicly released but only given to the bank managers.
These events include United States Chess Federation USCF Grand Prix tournaments.
These experts come from reputed academic institutions and governmental agencies.
These extra features are provided for in this game with the presence of strings.
These extra materials function similarly to the extras section on a DVD box set.
These factors control and influence biotic composition and ecological processes.
These FAPs were designed to be closely related to human facial muscle movements.
These features are commonly shared by the brithopodid and biarmosuchid lineages.
These flies mostly infect cattle in the warmer areas of the northern hemisphere.
These forces were often recruited through a quota system applied to the militia.
These four sister classes are visually identical except for a few minor details.
These frogs have short hind limbs and tend to crawl sluggishly rather than jump.
These generic structures are used to make the patent claim as broad as possible.
These golf courses have been developed with the participation of the Tata Group.
These haustoria are attached to both the xylem and the phloem of the host plant.
These hopes began to dwindle during the ten years until the true boom commenced.
The seignory of Bic was a seignory during the French colonization of New France.
These include a stock footage marketplace and digital asset management software.
These include the Kadva and Darna both of which are tributaries of the Godavari.
These ingots would then be further forged and worked into Damascus steel blades.
These issues are the primary concern of the environmental movement in Australia.
These items are supplied to commercial and institutional foodservice operations.
These kinds of coasters can be found at Six Flags parks and other parks as well.
These leaders returned to their councils and began setting up Wing Scout troops.
The selected flavor is then whipped together with the ice cream using a blender.
The Selenite Range is to the east beyond the San Emidio Desert and Poito Valley.
These lesions hold a high accumulation of spirochetes and are highly infectious.
These macros are intended to be used in designing digital asynchronous circuits.
These main chassis tubes are spaced apart by smaller diagonal or vertical tubes.
These maneuvers can be used to effect navigational control or to perform tricks.
These massacres occurred at small villages in the Eastern province of Sri Lanka.
These measures are usually used to quantify the tolerance of wildlife to humans.
These medals were awarded to the female athletes in weightlifting and taekwondo.
These men fought mock battles in the arena as comic relief between real matches.
The seminarians prepare for assignments in dioceses as well as religious orders.
These misinformed beliefs persist even when contradicted by scientific evidence.
These movements are one of the reasons for the time lag in the ink jet printing.
These murals were painted by students of Diego Rivera and under his supervision.
The sense of zone is one of being stuck in an unwanted and distant relationship.
These offices also have access from the from the neighboring street Tollbodgata.
These official and unofficial builds are documented on their external wiki page.
These oral arms become fused as they approach the central part of the jellyfish.
These original Cumberland albums were released in both mono and stereo versions.
The seowon here are listed according to the province in which they were located.
These particles interact with one another and with the surroundings they are in.
These pictographs cover nearly half a mile upstream from the town of Paint Rock.
These plants are known commonly as skunk cabbage or less often as swamp lantern.
These plants have the unusual trait of sometimes bearing flower parts in sevens.
These powers generally only apply to members of public fire and rescue services.
These preventative actions both reduce anxiety and promote superior performance.
These proprietors then selected the governors and other officials in the colony.
These protracted patent fights brought Armstrong to the brink of financial ruin.
These ratios may change according to the nature and content of clay in the soil.
These ratios refer to the proportion of tetrahedral sheets to octahedral sheets.
The Serbia national rugby sevens team is controlled by Serbian rugby federation.
These reactions can cause the function of the phosphorylated proteins to change.
These remains can reflect to what extent the frequency of the interactions were.
These "remote controls" can also be used for the interactive design of the show.
The serial is set at an English nuclear power station and on the planet Kastria.
The series airs each Saturday night from March to January of the following year.
The series followed Zach as he and the Ness crew built custom bikes for clients.
The series follows a curse created by a murdered housewife in a house in Nerima.
The series follows the Faber family and their life and work at the family hotel.
The series follows the lives and deaths of eight individuals and their families.
The series frequently races alongside the IndyCar Series on race event weekends.
The series has been nominated for forty three industry awards and has won eight.
The series is a blend of a political environment and stories of aliens and UFOs.
The series is an adaptation of an Argentine television series of the same title.
The series is edited by Cheryl Lehman and published by Emerald Group Publishing.
The series is essentially a synthesis of well documented historical information.
The series is known as Deadly Nightmares in the UK and as Le Voyageur in France.
The series is known for the great attention paid to the depiction of landscapes.
The series is one of the few ITC productions to air on ABC Weekend TV in the UK.
The series revolved around the performers and backstage staff of Circus Maestro.
The series revolves around Dewitt motivating Will to accomplish difficult tasks.
The series revolves around the Goodman family and their demonic dog Mr. Pickles.
The series starred Alex Jennings as Alfonso Bonzo and Scott Riley as Billy Webb.
The series starred Indian film director Ashutosh Gowarikar in an important role.
The series tells the stories based on Lalitha Sahasranamam in different stories.
The series was also broadcast via streaming video on the LGBT website PlanetOut.
The series was also displayed at the Elliot Levenglick Gallery in New York City.
The series was distributed through Inwi social accounts in Facebook and YouTube.
The series was exported internationally including the United Kingdom and France.
The series was played in the UAE owing to ongoing security concerns in Pakistan.
The series was produced and directed by Stuart Allen for the first ten episodes.
The series was produced by Cicada Productions and distributed by FremantleMedia.
The series was produced by Grundy Television in conjunction with FremantleMedia.
The series was produced by Temple Street Productions in association with Family.
The series was produced in conjunction with BBC Worldwide Americas Inc. and PBS.
The series was produced in cooperation with the Philosophy Documentation Center.
The sermon brought him into conflict with ecclesiastical authorities in Avignon.
The Serra League is high school athletic league in the U.S. state of California.
The service can be accessed either through a web browser or with its mobile app.
The service is part of the Public Transport Victoria metropolitan train network.
The service is typically invoked by keying a number on hearing the engaged tone.
The service provides curated consumer health information in English and Spanish.
The service routes all applications to various government agency for processing.
The service station is located between the Bryce Canyon Lodge and Sunrise Point.
The service was one of the first commercial email services in the United States.
These salts are usually either violet or green solids that are soluble in water.
These seasons are also available in the US as video on demand from Amazon Video.
These sequences are of interest for their potential to regulate gene production.
These sessions are called "tutorials" at Oxford and "supervisions" at Cambridge.
These signals between neurons occur via specialized connections called synapses.
These specials featured coverage of the Times Square ball drop in New York City.
These stationary epifaunal suspension feeders lived in the Late Jurassic period.
These strategies also opened new avenues of evolution through functional shifts.
These structures are caused from the pull of the muscles on the underlying bone.
These subtle variations have periods that range from a few weeks to a few years.
These systems are designed to work for years without requirement of any repairs.
The Set animal is one of the most frequently demonstrated animal determinatives.
These tanks played a major part on the Commonwealth beaches during the landings.
These tests are used to validate the correct implementation of the MTP protocol.
These three gates and the Porta Querquetulana were the oldest gates in the wall.
These three Muslims surrendered and were taken as prisoners to be sold in Mecca.
These tracks are rumored to have been recorded for a third Alcazar studio album.
These trains continue to Glasgow Central via West Lothian and North Lanarkshire.
The setting of the second series has changed dramatically from the first series.
The settlement is officially recognized as Symphony Way Temporary Location Area.
The settlement lies on the southern bank of the Rangitikei River near the mouth.
The settlement was also the northernmost dock for many Lake Winnipeg steamboats.
The settlement was founded during the Greek revolution by Ioannis Pantazopoulos.
The setup of the casino was controversial as live gambling is outlawed in India.
These two groups have been frequently crossbred in the United States and Europe.
These two panels are considered amongst the first works by Antonello da Messina.
These two represent the major variants of this gene and encode the same isoform.
These two tracks were a gift for the fans who awaited the release of this album.
These types of thank you letters are usually written as formal business letters.
These vary widely in character from quiet positional play to wild tactical play.
The seventh Baronet also served in the Irish House of Commons representing Tuam.
These viruses are responsible for a significant amount of crop damage worldwide.
These were distributed by Tivola International to be localized for many markets.
These were reorganized into five and handed over to the assistant commissioners.
These were the first Games where Spain sent participants who had cerebral palsy.
These would not apply to existing home owners and would protect property values.
The Seychelles FA Cup is the top knockout tournament of the Seychelles football.
The Shaikhzada are a Muslim community found in the Uttar Pradesh state of India.
The shape of the shield is that of traditional shields found in Southern Africa.
The sharpness of our senses is defined by the finest detail we can discriminate.
The Sharps was the favorite among hunters because of its accuracy at long range.
The sheet music cover features a group of soldiers sitting around the camp fire.
The ship bears this name in honor of Admiral Maximiano Eduardo da Silva Fonseca.
The shipping line is ultimately operated by CMA CGM through its subsidiary OTAL.
The ships are currently being restored by the S.S. Sicamous Restoration Society.
The ships can be quickly activated to support military sea transportation needs.
The ships were named for Carnivorans and were referred to as the Raubtier class.
The ship was named after the First World War German naval officer Friedrich Ihn.
The ship will be replaced with MS Gemini which will be renamed Celestyal Nefeli.
The Shire was located adjacent to the Murrumbidgee River and the Newell Highway.
The Shock attempted to return to the WNBA Finals for the third consecutive year.
The shootings remain one of the deadliest firearms incidents in British history.
The shopping center is run by the management team of Greenhills Shopping Center.
The show also champions the progress of hackers and makers throughout the world.
The show also highlights local sports legends as well as interview pro athletes.
The show also mentioned and displayed the frequent long line in this restaurant.
The show consisted of a mixture of scripted sketches and improvisational comedy.
The show featured the final television appearance by Heavy D before his passing.
The show features product placements from companies such as Virgin Credit Cards.
The show follows the same format as British television series Snog Marry Avoid?.
The show has been compared to the popular musicals High School Musical and Fame.
The show is also carried on streaming services such as Netflix and Amazon Video.
The show is broadcast by Rai Due on Sunday afternoons during the Serie A season.
The show is hosted by Anita Hassanandani and Shaleen Malhotra on the other hand.
The show is narrated by Jake Yapp and broadcasts humorous home and viral videos.
The show is noted for its particularly gentle and pleasant characters and plots.
The show is presented by Citi and named after the New York newspaper Daily News.
The show led to Holness and Ayoade being signed by Avalon Entertainment Limited.
The show paired a growing business with a mentor from a more successful company.
The show spawned a toy line and a video game for the Sega Genesis and Game Gear.
The show starred the husband and wife comedy duo of Steve Smith and Morag Smith.
The show stars Vanderpump Rules cast members Jax Taylor and Brittany Cartwright.
The show takes its inspiration from talent search and discovery program formats.
The show then began recycling programs originally telecast on other anthologies.
The show was confirmed to be returning to ITV at the end of the previous series.
The show was created by Donald P. Bellisario and was produced over four seasons.
The show was hosted by Chris Rock at the Radio City Music Hall in New York City.
The show was made by Baker Media for CBBC which specialized in kids programming.
The show was played as a straight sitcom but with considerable surreal elements.
The show was produced internationally and was revived until the First World War.
The show was so close that the referee had to be called in to decide the winner.
The shrub is found in the Mid West region of Western Australia around Geraldton.
The Shyama Prasad Mukherjee National Rural Mission is successor to this mission.
The siege lasted until the city received naval support from six French frigates.
The siege of Winchester sends monks streaming across England seeking safe haven.
The sightings and statistics are freely accessible for all users of the website.
The sights of the village include a Venetian tower in the square of the village.
The signal voltage is converted via a formula to measure watts per square meter.
The Silhoasa River or Sihoasa River is a tributary of the Ilva River in Romania.
The Silver Falcons is the aerobatic display team of the South African Air Force.
The Silver Rose Bowl is awarded every year to the best choir in the competition.
The Simon Personal Communicator was the first PDA to include telephony features.
The simplified title was again resumed when Jim Ernst was appointed as minister.
The Singapore national handball team is the national handball team of Singapore.
The single climbed to hit status a week before the release of "Better Together".
The single is themed after the IIHF as is the Under The Radar Over the Top tour.
The singles titles were won by Australian Frank Sedgman and American Doris Hart.
The singles titles were won by Australian Roy Emerson and American Nancy Richey.
The single "Vacation" was also issued as perhaps the first cassette single ever.
The single version of the song can be found on the compilation Greatest Hits ...
The single was accompanied by a music video which was directed by Johny Mourgue.
The single was later certified gold by the RIAA for sales of one million copies.
The single was sold by the band on their tour in support of The Sunlandic Twins.
The single was their most successful release of five entries on the dance chart.
The single will feature a new version of the track and a remix by The Teenagers.
The singular NAIA Football National Championship has been held every year since.
The Sisserou Award of Honor is a national award of the Commonwealth of Dominica.
The sitcom aired the best episodes of the first and second seasons respectively.
The site also produces feature articles on a variety of personal finance topics.
The site also weighted each review based on the circulation the review received.
The site consists of remains of the wharf and the foundations of two warehouses.
The site consists of two groups of petroglyphs drawn on a sandstone rockshelter.
The site has been tentatively identified with ruins at Amoura in modern Algeria.
The site includes the remains of quarries used for the extraction of Bath Stone.
The site is a Scheduled Ancient Monument and the hall a Grade I listed building.
The site is a scheduled monument classified as a prehistoric defensive hillfort.
The site is best known for the critically acclaimed web series by the same name.
The site is located on a limestone plateau between the towns of Osini and Gairo.
The site is mainly grass heathland with some ancient woodland and hazel coppice.
The site is managed by Heritage Malta and closed to the public for conservation.
The site is now used as Sharana public airfield with scheduled flights to Kabul.
The site is operated by the city as Besh Ba Gowah Archeological Park and Museum.
The site is overseen by the Forestry Commission for conservation and recreation.
The site is owned by the Forestry Commission and managed by The Greensand Trust.
The site is rich with ceramics and designs imported from the nearby Monte Alban.
The site is worshiped by the Udasi sect and initially it was maintained by them.
The site offers both free and premium content that is available by subscription.
The site of the Audubon Grade School is a prominent feature of the neighborhood.
The site of the former colliery has been built over and is now a housing estate.
The site of the former power stations is being redeveloped as Barking Riverside.
The site was founded by Lithuanian entrepreneurs Reda Stare and Edvinas Bartkus.
The site was occupied from the Early Archaic period to the Late Woodland period.
The site was often linked to from other gaming blogs such as Kotaku and Joystiq.
The sizable middle group is composed of peoples of different ethnic backgrounds.
The skin reaction to insect bites and stings usually lasts for up to a few days.
The Skip Barber Racing School is one of the largest racing schools in the world.
The skull and tibia of the latter are presumably among the relics in the church.
The skull is of a child who likely died as a result of congenital hydrocephalus.
The Sky were ultimately swept in the Conference Semifinals by the Indiana Fever.
The SLC or SEE examination is normally scheduled in April to June of every year.
The Slovak Sign Language is the sign language of the deaf community in Slovakia.
The sluices have two doors each of which the door on the sea side is the lowest.
The sluice was used to control the flow of water past the neighboring watermill.
The smaller Golf View Estates neighborhood is typically included in Burley Park.
The smaller size of episode count stems from the deal for the series star Davis.
The smaller village of Jiareguo is located just to the southwest of the village.
The small island is located north of Napeague on the eastern end of Long Island.
The Smythe Medical Center is located just across from the north end of the mall.
The Socialist League functioned as the urban ally of the Kibbutz Artzi movement.
The Society also maintains its own Research Facility at the Essex Record Office.
The Society also operates the Former North Dakota Executive Mansion in Bismarck.
The society claimed to be interdenominational and respect religious differences.
The Society of Actuaries in Ireland is the professional body of Irish actuaries.
The society promotes the knowledge of playing and the history of the instrument.
The society publishes the Journal of the American Society for Mass Spectrometry.
The society was for many years a staunch rival to the Bohemian Kokoon Arts Club.
The software also designs tagged and nested primers for multiplex PCR reactions.
The software places a small icon atop image thumbnails that appear on a webpage.
The Solar System and Earth formed from primordial nuclides and extinct nuclides.
The soldier has a rifle with a bayonet pointed towards the Dar es Salaam harbor.
The solidus was a gold coin and store of wealth issued by the Late Roman Empire.
The Somalia national basketball team is the national basketball team of Somalia.
The Somali community in the U.S is now among the largest in the Somali diaspora.
The song also appears in remix form as a ballad under the title "If I Told You".
The song appears in the Nintendo Gamecube and Xbox game Freestyle Street Soccer.
The song became identified with Stevens due to the popularity of this recording.
The song became their third consecutive Number One single on the country charts.
The song can be an album track which has subsequently been released as a single.
The song explores a narrative of a pimp falling in love with one of his clients.
The song features a snippet of a line by Michael J. Fox from Back to the Future.
The song features guest vocals from American singer and songwriter Gwen Stefani.
The song features Jordan Knight singing lead vocals and Donnie Wahlberg rapping.
The song had since been revealed as the fourth Australian single from the album.
The song has become a part of the traditional repertory of Celtic music artists.
The song has the narrator sing of her lover and how much he loves and needs her.
The song is about getting absorbed by the culture and straying from your family.
The song is also covered by the UK band Steps on their album Light Up the World.
The song is also known as a diss track towards his old label Def Jam Recordings.
The song is also notable because it features both Belladonna and Bush on vocals.
The song is also notable because it was written by Bryan Adams and Jim Vallance.
The song is considered one of the bleaker assessments of life in postwar Europe.
The song is not written in Geordie dialect but has a strong Northern connection.
The song is still heard today on New Zealand and Australian Rock radio stations.
The song is what would be referred to as the "breakthrough single" for the band.
The song "Mountain Top" was the first single made available from the collection.
The song reached at number one in both the United States and the United Kingdom.
The song remains on LP record copies and CDs released outside the United States.
The songs also received airplay on some radio stations across various countries.
The songs tell different stories about trolls and spirits in Norwegian folklore.
The song "Stop Error" is set to the music of a chorale by Johann Sebastian Bach.
The song strips the original pop music from "Distance" and is a pop ballad song.
The song struck a chord with audiences and so it therefore became a hit for her.
The song "Terminator" is featured in MTV television series Celebrity Deathmatch.
The song text describes a guy who wants to know if Eloise is more than a friend.
The song Vegas Lights would later be used as the Vegas Golden Knights goal song.
The song was certified platinum by the Federation of the Italian Music Industry.
The song was covered by Vince Neil on the Japanese version of his album Exposed.
The song was featured on the soundtrack for the racing video game Forza Horizon.
The song was featured on the soundtrack to the MTV original series Spyder Games.
The song was included in the soundtrack of the Brazilian soap opera Locomotivas.
The song was listed on their unreleased second studio album with the same title.
The song was produced by Al Schmitt and Neely Plumb and arranged by David Gates.
The song was produced by frequent collaborators producers J.U.S.T.I.C.E. League.
The song was promoted by an accompanying music video directed by Harris Hodovic.
The song was recorded with Daniel Lanois on the pedal steel guitar for the film.
The song was released as a U.S. radio promo and as an official single in Europe.
The song was then made available for purchase on iTunes and Amazon the next day.
The song was the third and final to be released from the album Head Like a Rock.
The song was translated into English for Eurovision as "Take Me To Your Heaven".
The song was used as the ending theme for the TV program "Guruguru Ninety Nine".
The song was used extensively in the soap opera Rebelde during its first season.
The song was written by Ben Howard and produced by Chris Bond and Darren Lawson.
The song was written by Birdy and John McDaid and produced by TMS and Phil Cook.
The song was written by David Byron and Ken Hensley and was sung by David Byron.
The song was written by frontman Adam Levine and lead guitarist James Valentine.
The song was written by Kenton Nix who also wrote "Heartbeat" for Taana Gardner.
The song was written by Lee Seung Joo and composed by the musical duo Rocoberry.
The song was written by the band alongside Henrik Jonback and Juliet Richardson.
The song "What Am I To Do" was written by Cole Porter specifically for the play.
The Sons of Liberty were active in New York City to challenge British authority.
The Sordariaceae are a family of perithecial fungi within the Sordariales order.
The Sorsa Cabinet started its term during a time of economic growth for Finland.
The Sound Movement whose first album was released on Oxford label Truck Records.
The source for this decade is the Recording Industry Association of New Zealand.
The Source is the first Highlander film not to be released in American theaters.
The source of her powers is the Jade Tiger amulets she inherited from her uncle.
The south boundary of Nevada Test Site lies on the northern slopes of the range.
The South Carolina Review is a literary journal published by Clemson University.
The southeast side of Mt. Sherrill drains through Peck Hollow into Esopus Creek.
The southern and northern Dolly Varden also have clear karyological differences.
The southern part of this crater has been heavily damaged by subsequent impacts.
The southern tip of Decha is included in the territory of the Omo National Park.
The south suburb of Sebastopol was moved to the adjoining district of Buninyong.
The South Sudanese diaspora consists of citizens of South Sudan residing abroad.
The South Tibet Detachment is one of the major faults in the Himalaya Mountains.
The Soviet Union also won the Rossiya Tournament eight times in ten appearances.
The Space Legion is perpetually cash strapped and is a tightfisted organization.
The Spanish officer Don Jose de Barboza is being given respect as he lies dying.
The Spartans won a decisive victory and as a result gained control of Thyreatis.
The Speaker held the casting vote when the House divided as primus inter pares..
The Speaker is chosen from the party that has the majority in the given session.
The "Special XMas" channel was also omitted from the satellite lineup that year.
The specification is published by the Trusted Computing Group Storage Workgroup.
The specific characteristics of spidroins are becoming more commonly researched.
The specific epithet derives from the name of the island to which it is endemic.
The specific epithet honors noted entomologist and acarologist Harry Hoogstraal.
The specific epithet is a tribute to cave biology specialist Robert W. Mitchell.
The specific epithet luteicolor refers to yellowish colors of the cap and gills.
The specific epithet raymondi commemorates the carcinologist Raymond B. Manning.
The specific feature is the presence of one groove on each of the opposing jaws.
The specific name burchi is in honor of the American malacologist John B. Burch.
The speech data was later made available through the Linguistic Data Consortium.
The Sphaerolichida is a suborder of mites belonging to the order Trombidiformes.
The spirits are distributed and taken in by all nature such as trees and plants.
The sponsoring organizations and other charities absorb the administrative cost.
The sport consists of seven different events which include road and track races.
The sport side of the school is really encouraged by the teachers and principal.
The sprint events were staged at the Welland Pan Am Flatwater Center in Welland.
The SPSO has a separate website to support best practice in complaints handling.
The squadron took part in the Borneo campaign during the final weeks of the war.
The square lies on the former site of a mansion known as the Quinta de Miserere.
The Sri Lanka national baseball team is the national baseball team of Sri Lanka.
The stadium also has a pair of hitting cages located underneath the grandstands.
The stadium hosted seven home matches of Karnataka Lions in World Series Hockey.
The stage included video screens and a catwalk which extended into the audience.
The stage route that it paralleled previously been called the "Hound Dog Trail".
The Stakhanovite Movement was encouraged due to the idea of socialist emulation.
The Stamford Energy Park in Vermont is one example of an integrated energy park.
The Stampede are owned by CNY Sports Management Inc. and coached by Mike Beavis.
The standard based its classifications on the measurement of airborne particles.
The standard clapper is distinguished by the experienced ear as a whefting iron.
The stand is wheelchair accessible and also contains hearing loop accessibility.
The Stanford Cardinal are the athletic teams that represent Stanford University.
The star could also have Christian allegorical meaning as the Star of Bethlehem.
The Stardust Best Film is chosen by the readers of the annual Stardust magazine.
The Star Still Shines is the ninth album from noted country artists Diamond Rio.
The starving... those who are dying never say anything and one rarely sees them.
The stated goal of the organization is to end the cycle of poverty for children.
The state is noted for its significant contribution to coal mining in Australia.
The statements of the SPIN items indicate the particular signs of social phobia.
The State Road crosses Myakka River before becoming El Jobean Road in El Jobean.
The state saw rapid industrialization and growth in tourism in subsequent years.
The station aims to reflect the diversity of cultures within its catchment area.
The station also airs some early jazz programming and community issues and news.
The station also has several satellites and repeaters throughout the western US.
The station and its buildings now house a private dwelling and small businesses.
The station broadcasts a classic country format and is owned by Dana R. Withers.
The station broadcasts a Country music format and is owned by Caleb Corporation.
The station broadcasts a Country music format and is owned by Mark V. Aulabaugh.
The station comprised a single platform adjacent to the road and level crossing.
The station consisted of two platforms with the station building on the up side.
The station features many mosaic art works as a part of Rome Metro art programs.
The station has a center platform and is surrounded by a park and ride facility.
The station has been demolished and a section of the trackbed is now a footpath.
The station has disabled access with lifts on the South entrance of the station.
The station has won several awards from the Georgia Association of Broadcasters.
The station is close to Sudbury Hill Underground station on the Piccadilly line.
The station is currently owned by Great Plains Media and broadcasts in HD Radio.
The station is currently owned by Lake Area Educational Broadcasting Foundation.
The station is currently owned by the Board of Control For Student Broadcasting.
The station is located across from the Cinnaminson Harbor condominium community.
The station is located at the junction between Jalan Kepong and Segambut Bypass.
The station is located close to residential area and is within walking distance.
The station is managed by Abellio ScotRail and lies on the Cathcart Circle Line.
The station is owned and operated by Muskegon Community Radio Broadcast Company.
The station is owned by Alpha Media and is licensed to Alpha Media Licensee LLC.
The station is owned by New Dynasty Cultural Center and is licensed to Honolulu.
The station is owned by Philip E. Kuhlman and Ellen N. Kuhlman as joint tenants.
The station is owned by Sigma Radio and known as Ke Buena with a grupera format.
The station is owned by The Walt Disney Company and operated through ESPN Radio.
The station is served by Southern and Thameslink trains on the Sutton Loop Line.
The station is the only Coast Guard Station located on Lake Michigan in Indiana.
The station is undergoing renovation work to replace the original wall covering.
The station is unstaffed and passengers must purchase their ticket on the train.
The station is very close to the Dalmuir drop lock on the Forth and Clyde Canal.
The station kept and fed mules that were changed when stagecoaches came through.
The station redistributes Salem Radio Network newscasts at the top of each hour.
The stations of the cross inside of the church are very large and one of a kind.
The stations were off the air until a new site was located and facilities built.
The station used to be an affiliate of Raven Broadcasting Corporation in Manila.
The station was a trial area for a CCTV scheme using automated face recognition.
The station was little used and trains often passed through it without stopping.
The station was located at Madison Street and Wabash Avenue in the Chicago Loop.
The station was previously owned by CBS Radio prior to its merger with Entercom.
The station was the only one on the Thirsk and Malton line to be built of stone.
The station will serve the Overlake neighborhood and its existing park and ride.
The status of religious freedom around the world varies from country to country.
The Stealth won that tiebreaker and clinched their first western division title.
The Steamboat River was so named from the fact steamboats navigated this stream.
The stem christie or "wedge christie" is a technique used in skiing for turning.
The St. Louis Mining and Stock Exchange was an American regional stock exchange.
The stone contains a strip of linear markings that resemble letters of a script.
The store concept adopted by Officeworks was based on the US chain Office Depot.
The story as well many shots have striking resemblance to Zan Va Shohar Karegar.
The story centers around a corrupt summoner and his interactions with the Devil.
The story ends usually with a great shout at the end to make the listeners jump.
The story involves a working girl who falls in love with the heir to the factor.
The story is about a young man and a woman who drive from Jakarta to Jogjakarta.
The story is based on a true story about the life of Toronto sculler Ned Hanlan.
The story is based on the novel Mr Parankusam by Malladi Venkata Krishna Murthy.
The story is set in the Polity universe and focuses on the black AI Penny Royal.
The story is written as a mixture of historical fiction and Arthurian mythology.
The storyline follows the struggle the characters encounter when the storm hits.
The storyline for the figures pitted the good Terrans against the evil Glowgons.
The storyline is about a French teenager who commits suicide after she is raped.
The storyline is complex and shows the difficulties of true love through comedy.
The storyline of the film is based on a traditional theater form called Tamasha.
The storyline of the movie is similar to the Malayaam movie Vadakkunokkiyantram.
The storyline was adapted from the novel of the same name by William R. Burnett.
The story of the film is jointly written by Jwngsrang Brahma and Dwimasa Brahma.
The story of the two is nearly identical to that of Saints Theodora and Didymus.
The story tells how a man is rejected by his family but then finds his way back.
The strait connects the Banda Sea in the north to the Savu Sea to the southwest.
The Stratocaster XII is designed in the United States and manufactured in Japan.
The stream erodes a gorge in the resistant bed and continues its flow as before.
The street and its associations would regularly be reported in mainstream media.
The street extends from Spring Street in the east to Spencer Street in the west.
The street has important Japanese American cultural and historical significance.
The strengthening of the youth centers is the reason to be of this organization.
The stretch between Scott Street and Market Street is a popular restaurant area.
The stripes on the flag symbolizes the three branches of the Perak royal family.
The strobili containing the reproductive structures are under a centimeter long.
The structure and the wooden bridge shown under it in the photo no longer exist.
The structure is found at approximately the VIth mile of the ancient Appian Way.
The structure originally housed several government entities including city hall.
The structure was built of brick and limestone in the Late Gothic Revival style.
The studio commissions dubbed and subtitled versions of content for its clients.
The study of diaspora politics is part of the broader field of diaspora studies.
The study of woody debris is important for its forestry management implications.
The study was highly influential in the Brown vs. Board of Education court case.
The style amendments were not intended to make substantive changes in the rules.
The style of music can be described as atmospheric with a melancholic undertone.
The style of publications is clearly inspired by academic methods and standards.
The subalpine habitat is made up of limestone shale barrens near the timberline.
The submasseteric space is one of the four compartments of the masticator space.
The success of the film also owes much to the bankability of its two main stars.
The sugar initially binds to the first greasy residue with van der Waals forces.
The Sultan of Kelantan is the constitutional head of Kelantan state in Malaysia.
The Summit of World Religious Leaders is an annual meeting of religious leaders.
The summits of Godor and Godor North Top are to be found further down the ridge.
The Sunday XI plays friendly fixtures against an established selection of clubs.
The Superior Court of Delaware is the court of general jurisdiction in Delaware.
The superior shoulder suspensory complex is extremely important biomechanically.
The Superleague Formula round Netherlands is a round of the Superleague Formula.
The supply of octopus has been constrained by overfishing in many key fisheries.
The suprascapular artery travels superiorly to the superior transverse ligament.
The Surendranagar railway station belongs to Western Railway of Rajkot Division.
The surface of the test is covered by a dense mat of small spines and tubercles.
The Surfers Paradise Transit Center is the main coach station on the Gold Coast.
The surname is derived from the words rath bheartach meaning prosperity wielder.
The surrounding area includes a Tesco hypermarket and Syon Lane railway station.
The survey provides geologic maps of Finland and also acts as a research center.
The Susenis have migrated to Fars province and other southern parts of the area.
The Sutherland River Formation is a geologic formation in Northwest Territories.
The Suzdal mine is one of the largest gold mines in Kazakhstan and in the world.
The swamping argument is an objection against Darwinism made by Fleeming Jenkin.
The sweat test measures the concentration of chloride that is excreted in sweat.
The Swedish counterpart is Fettisdagen and in Finland they celebrate Laskiainen.
The swelling is usually bilateral and can occur over a period of hours to weeks.
The swing gang does the set dressing and then removal once the film has wrapped.
The Swoosh is the logo of American athletic shoe and clothing manufacturer Nike.
The symptoms experienced differ depending on what part of the brain is affected.
The symptom that the accumulations cause is not pain but swelling around joints.
The system can also be used in surface effect ships to increase their top speed.
The system consists of a heat pump which pipes energy either to or from a house.
The system currently consists of seven routes and is funded by local businesses.
The system includes the remains of a single strand system using an earth ground.
The system is evolutionarily stable as the large showy tails are honest signals.
The system is operated through articulated busses which move in dedicated lanes.
The system was developed together with the Belarusian company Tekhnosoyuzproekt.
The system was similar in concept to that used in Germany under the Third Reich.
The tag binds the player to the team for one year if certain conditions are met.
The Taiping areas were besieged by Qing forces throughout most of the rebellion.
The Talalay process is a method of producing molded pieces of latex foam rubber.
The Tallapoosas were a division of the Upper Creeks in the Muscogee Confederacy.
The Talla Railway was a privately constructed railway line in southern Scotland.
The Tampa Bay course also retained its TPC branding under a licensing agreement.
The tattoos do not prevent the skin from blistering as they are purely esthetic.
The tax was levied on rental values and applied both to rural and to urban land.
The tax was very unpopular among clockmakers and was repealed after nine months.
The TCAP program provides supplemental grant funds to make the project feasible.
The team competes as an Independent at the NCAA Football Bowl Subdivision level.
The team competes in the Super League and plays its home games at Mardyke Arena.
The team consulted scientists while creating the fictional science in this game.
The team guessing where it is gains a point if they successfully find the tipit.
The Team has also done their first international tour of Malaysia and Singapore.
The team is affiliated with the Minnesota Twins and plays in the Midwest League.
The team is composed of enlisted personnel and reinforced with civilian players.
The team is composed of players from the University of the East volleyball team.
The team is controlled by the Football Union of Russia and affiliated with UEFA.
The team is currently a member of the Kentucky High School Athletic Association.
The team is FIFA recognized but has not played any FIFA recognized match so far.
The team is made up of players of all ages and is not necessarily a junior side.
The team is not competing in Europe but are participating in the Belarusian Cup.
The team is owned by Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan and actress Juhi Chawla.
The team participates in the Atlantic Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference.
The team played their home games at the Summit County Fairgrounds Arena Complex.
The team played their homes games at Doug Shaw Memorial Stadium in Myrtle Beach.
The team plays its home games at the Bismarck Event Center in downtown Bismarck.
The team plays its home games at the Foothills Composite High School in Okotoks.
The team plays its home games at Veterans Memorial Soccer Complex in Huntington.
The team plays its home games in the stadium at Egg Harbor Township High School.
The team ran in the NASCAR Busch Series for the three years it was in operation.
The team regularly participates in the Durand Cup and the Delhi Senior Division.
The team represents the entire island of Ireland and plays under a special flag.
The teams and format of the tournament remained the same as the previous season.
The teams were divided in two groups of fifteen and fourteen teams respectively.
The team was coached by Dan Hawkins and played their home games in Folsom Field.
The team was coached by Gerry DiNardo in his third and final year as head coach.
The team was coached by Omarr Smith and played their home games at Honda Center.
The team was formed by head coach Brian Harvey and assistant Coach West Harmmon.
The team was the dominant U.S. youth soccer club of the early twentieth century.
The techniques often use tools such as principal components or wavelet analysis.
The technology at the time used a slot in the metal to lock the ring to a jewel.
The teddy bear toss is a popular Christmas season promotion at ice hockey games.
The teleplay was written by Alan Hines and the film was directed by Kathy Bates.
The teleplay was written by Jackson Gillis from a story by Charles Willard Byrd.
The telescope was operated by the Radio Astronomy Group of Cambridge University.
The television program was the first starring role for the host Robert Q. Lewis.
The television series was adapted from previous media including radio and print.
The temple faces west and the enshrined deity is a Siva lingam with a yonipitha.
The temple is popular due to its association with the Early Chola king Karikala.
The ten lei banknote is one of the circulating denomination of the Romanian leu.
The ten southern states now form part of the independent country of South Sudan.
The term also refers to the small region surrounding the anus of the sea urchin.
The term "beatboxing" is sometimes used to refer to vocal percussion in general.
The term British subject has had a number of different legal meanings over time.
The term calcimicrobe is useful in recreating the paleoecology of these systems.
The term carbonization is also applied to the pyrolysis of coal to produce coke.
The term cardiogenesis is defined as the development of the heart in the embryo.
The term "Chinese Gothic" was coined to describe the world of Chia Black Dragon.
The term comes from the military slang use of the term "rack" for a bed or bunk.
The term "conflict avoidance" is sometimes used to describe conflict prevention.
The term "corneosclera" is also used to describe the sclera and cornea together.
The term expresses the perceived senselessness of the occurred acts of violence.
The term "Finocchio" is Italian for fennel but is often a negative term for gay.
The term has been used by other canine behavior experts to explain dog behavior.
The term has recently broadened such that it encompasses motorcycle performance.
The term has since become a generic term for any pair of extremely short shorts.
The terminology used to describe the prevention of smallpox can cause confusion.
The term is also used in a naval context to describe groups of guns on warships.
The term is derived from the Latin word presidium meaning protection or defense.
The term is sometimes used for the purposes of grouping countries in statistics.
The term is used in film and music to denote and track the stages of production.
The term is used most commonly by those opposed to the Christian right movement.
The term itself is considered slang and defined as something like "tough fruit".
The term "mariposite" also refers to the stone in which the green mica is found.
The term mixed economy is also used to describe economies with these attributes.
The term pale ale originally denoted an ale that had been brewed from pale malt.
The term "rubyfruit jungle" is a term used in the novel for the female genitals.
The terms are from Latin and originate with the procurators of the Roman Empire.
The terms easting and northing are geographic Cartesian coordinates for a point.
The term therefore applies to any market where there is a monopoly or oligopoly.
The term "Ultra" has often been used almost synonymously with "Enigma decrypts".
The term was based on a Central American indigenous peoples name for the region.
The term was coined by a Guardian journalist covering the Trafigura controversy.
The term "Washington Accords" may refer to these preceding negotiations as well.
The term was initially used in the world of data analysis and business analysis.
The term was shortened due to instability within the newly formed Liberal Party.
The territory captured remained under Union control for the duration of the war.
The territory was previously part of the former Vicariate Apostolic of Trinidad.
The test can also be used to assess brain damage and general mental functioning.
The test claimed that it offered an alternative to amniocentesis and ultrasound.
The test construction strategy for the PAI was primarily deductive and rational.
The Test Flight and Development Center is a unit of the South African Air Force.
The test is currently distributed by Educational and Industrial Testing Service.
The test taker is shown a large number of sets of various degrees of difficulty.
The Tevis and Pope families used the home and grounds as a summer vacation spot.
The Texas historian B W Aston is interred at Mount Pleasant Cemetery near Tolar.
The text and supposed scan of the article have been widely circulated via email.
The text contains some formulas to find the areas of different shapes of fields.
The texture images are grayscale and taken under controlled lighting conditions.
The Thailand national kabaddi team represents Thailand in international kabaddi.
The Thakurai are a Muslim Rajput community found in the state of Bihar in India.
The thatched stone building is rented to a tenant and has limited public access.
The Th.D. is an advanced research degree equivalent to the Doctor of Philosophy.
The theater is currently operated by AEG and owned by the City of Grand Prairie.
The theme of the opening ceremony was Hello Earth and directed by David Zolkwer.
The theme song for the cartoon was performed by the drag queen celebrity RuPaul.
The theme song for the first two seasons was The Clash song "Police on My Back".
The then Chief Minister of Karnataka H.D. Deve Gowda inaugurated the Convention.
The theory followed earlier arguments that Francis Bacon was a son of the queen.
The Theory of Everything and TV programs including Victoria and Game of Thrones.
The thick ganoid scales of the gars are more primitive than those of the bowfin.
The thin films can be composed of any material that does not react with mercury.
The thin stems often grow bunched together and may reach half a meter in height.
The third conference was supported by the Division of Physician manpower at NIH.
The third diploma year requires the two Fine Arts certificates as prerequisites.
The third one is a cover version of the traditional gospel song "Amazing Grace".
The third Whalers were then formed when Fall River merged with New York Yankees.
The thorax is a black color and the legs are the same color as most of its body.
The thorax upperside is dark green and there are no dorsal lines on the abdomen.
The three story seven bayed mansion provided accommodation for seventy visitors.
The Tiang language also known as Djaul is a language spoken in Papua New Guinea.
The tiles are regular hexagons with no distinguishing features other than color.
The timber frame was completed by local craftmen Dylan Hartley and Bob Ockenden.
The timeline tracks the new ventures from the "kitchen table" stage through IPO.
The timing can vary from mere days after birth to several months or many years .
The Tirumantiram is the earliest known exposition of the Shaiva Agamas in Tamil.
The Tirundudevankudi Karkadeswarar Temple located nearby is also very prominent.
The title and cover is a parody of the promo pic for the film Waiting to Exhale.
The title Baron Mortimer of Wigmore was created twice in the Peerage of England.
The title comes from the Cockney rhyming slang "rabbit and pork" meaning "talk".
The title comes from the second line of the first verse of the track "Pipeline".
The title is a reference to a line in this episode spoken by Madison Montgomery.
The title is a reference to the Marriage Liturgy from the Book of Common Prayer.
The title is a reference to the pilot episode which was called "Everybody Lies".
The title is a spoof of the book and the Netflix series Orange Is the New Black.
The title is derived from a star of the same name located relatively near Earth.
The title of First Lady is utilized by the government and official publications.
The title of the album refers to the street of Harlem where Big L was raised in.
The title of the episode was a pun on the police term "the long arm of the law".
The title of the presentation is a wordplay on the Girls Gone Wild video series.
The title of the program changes each year to incorporate the year of broadcast.
The title of the song is the reason for drinking beer while you are still alive.
The title of this degree varies with the collegiate institution which grants it.
The title refers to work assigned to prisoners sentenced to hard labor in Texas.
The title song was written and performed by American new wave band Oingo Boingo.
The title story is considered by some to be the best story Hemingway ever wrote.
The title theme is The Free Life by prolific library music composer Alan Parker.
The title track is featured as the theme song of the video game Valiant Knights.
The title track was the opening theme for the anime Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha.
The title track was used as the opening theme for the anime series Black Lagoon.
The title was awarded to Xie because he had played the highest rated opposition.
The titular club is a group of students at the Alfea School of Fairies in Magix.
The Togo national rugby union team represents Togo in international rugby union.
The token annual rent paid to the Government for the property is one peppercorn.
The tomb had been sealed with a wall carrying the seal of Pharaoh Amenhotep III.
The tomb of Sir Syed Ahmed Khan is also enclosed within the walls of the mosque.
The tomb probably contains the bodies of John Wood the Younger and his daughter.
The Tombs of Malta are a series of prehistoric tombs in the Maltese archipelago.
The tonsil is the most common site of squamous cell carcinoma in the oropharynx.
The tool can also be used to extract data from damaged or corrupt PDF documents.
The toothbrush is officially accredited by the British Dental Health Foundation.
The top of the mountain offers good panoramic view of the surrounding mountains.
The top two candidates with the most votes will advance to the general election.
The tourist season in Penghu starts in April and peaks from June through August.
The tournament crowned the Netherlands as European champions for the first time.
The tournament is completely nonprofit and is put together by unpaid volunteers.
The tournaments were participated by hundreds of karatekas all over the country.
The tournament was officially opened by President of the republic Urho Kekkonen.
The tournament was the brainchild of Canadian hockey player Hayley Wickenheiser.
The tour went through the North American countries the United States and Canada.
The tour will consist of fourteen arena shows in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
The tower dates to the fourth century AD and was apparently presented as a gift.
The Towerlight is the weekly independent student newspaper at Towson University.
The tower was built two miles north of Downtown Phoenix in the Central Corridor.
The tower was dismantled and erected at its present location the following year.
The tower was part of the Perth city walls and was located near to Gowrie House.
The town had its name Anglicized to New Utrecht during the English colonial era.
The town is divided between the City of Greater Geelong and Golden Plains Shire.
The town is home to Dallas County High School and J. E. Terry Elementary School.
The town is in the eastern part of the county and has a village called Stamford.
The town is located in the central part of the county and is northeast of Utica.
The town is named after a large mountain that locates at the center of the city.
The town is named after Mount Linden which is situated to the south of the town.
The town is situated no further from the Malaysia longest North South Line only.
The town name has been spelled both Kenefic and Kenefick throughout its history.
The Town of Lumberland is a rural community in the southwest part of the county.
The town of Tugaya is also recognized as a UNESCO Home for Culture and Heritage.
The township of Acambay is the municipal seat of the municipio of the same name.
The town was located on the banks of Big River just south of Council Bluff Lake.
The town was most likely centered on the fact that there was a fort for defense.
The town was named after a grape and a variety of wine produced from that grape.
The town was named after the Breadalbane Region in Scotland by an early settler.
The tpi mRNA has a conserved structural element located close to the stop codon.
The track "Angry World" won a Grammy Award for Best Solo Rock Vocal Performance.
The track "Ax Behind My Back" was used in the trailer for the film Killing Bono.
The track can be used to calculate the force of gravity when placed at an angle.
The track features hip hop group Styles of Beyond and Eric Bobo of Cypress Hill.
The track "Foe" was featured in the Japan release of their album Friend or Foe?.
The track list was then recorded by the band "live" in the studio over two days.
The track sequencing is significantly different from that of the original album.
The tracks have been lifted and the station site has been completely built over.
The track "The Weekend" was not released as a single but a music video was made.
The track title Victorious Cupid is also an alternate name of the same painting.
The track utilizes an extensive sample of "What Am I Going to Do" by The Dovers.
The track was described as an electropop and EDM song with an anarchistic theme.
The trade journal Library Journal highly recommends this book for all libraries.
The traditional components of a tea set may vary between societies and cultures.
The traditional owners of the areas around the river are the Ongkarango peoples.
The tradition has been adopted by Christianity from the earlier pagan tradition.
The traffic circle downtown was named in his honor after he won his gold medals.
The Training initiative focuses on providing parenting and job training classes.
The training programs focus on teaching basic literacy and job readiness skills.
The transaction was organized by a group of residents from Hartford and Windsor.
The transducer usually consists of a magnet and coil or a piezoelectric crystal.
The translation of "law" to other European languages faces several difficulties.
The Transparent Lung has been adapted for radio in collaboration with Mike Ladd.
The travel time of the receiving signal is used to get the height of the clouds.
The Treasurer is also an ex officio member of several state boards and agencies.
The treatment of choice is surgical debridement and parenteral benzylpenicillin.
The treatment of science in these stories has been uneven and often unrealistic.
The treaty also settled land claims between the Six Nations and the Penn family.
The tree gains its name from the conjoined lower trunk that the two trees share.
The tree is well known and is one of the larger tourist attractions of the town.
The trees were common in Ajenjua Bepo and Mamang River Forest Reserves in Ghana.
The trend has continued to the extent that the club now has a pink double scull.
The trial court held that DOMA violates the Tenth Amendment and Spending Clause.
The triangle under the inscriptions have been decorated with designs and shapes.
The tribal council impeached her for proceeding without gaining their consensus.
The trio has previously been part of the core of the Swiss metal band Eluveitie.
The troops there abandoned the fort and moved further south to build Fort Scott.
The trophy is a sculpture created by R. Tait MacKenzie entitled "The Onslaught".
The truck had been on the shoulder of the highway prior to being hit by the bus.
The True Testimony is the solo debut album by C.T.E. affiliate rapper Blood Raw.
The T series is now considered an official Volkswagen Group automotive platform.
The T travels along former streetcar tracks on Broadway Avenue through the area.
The tuft of stems may be circular in shape as the stems in the center die first.
The Tularosa River is a stream in Catron County in the U.S. state of New Mexico.
The tunica albuginea is a layer of condensed tissue on the surface of the ovary.
The Tunisian passport is issued to citizens of Tunisia for international travel.
The Tutuveni petroglyph site is found along the slope of the base of the cliffs.
The twelve buildings were designed to reflect a variety of architectural styles.
The twin leaf foliage makes identification of this plant fairly straightforward.
The twins meet when the Jesuit apprentice leaves his religious ambitions behind.
The two actors of the prolog were promoted in print advertisements for the film.
The two ends of the segment were terminated with a resistive network terminator.
The two former townships now comprise the wards of the amalgamated municipality.
The two headed alligator is a folkloric animal of the American state of Florida.
The two main shopping Centers are on Renmin Road Dennis and Huayuan Road Dennis.
The two other varieties are known from the Buckskin Mountains and Marble Canyon.
The two positions are chosen by ballot by city council from among their members.
The two principal industries in Lomond are agriculture and petroleum production.
The two studio recordings came from sessions at the Record One recording studio.
The two vessels were engaged in the Maritime Fur Trade in the Pacific northwest.
The two yeshivas now work in harmony to help each student reach their potential.
The type of adhesion is purely mechanical i.e. no chemical reaction takes place.
The type of conjugation affects reactivity and molecular electronic transitions.
The typesetter the magazine hired turned out to be an undercover police officer.
The type specimen is located in the National Museum of Natural History in Paris.
The Typhoons split when its members had to join the obligatory military service.
The typical expert system consisted of a knowledge base and an inference engine.
The typical treecreepers occur in many wooded parts of the North Temperate Zone.
The typical youth orchestra involves members from across an entire city or town.
The UDF won four seats in this election for the Constituent Assembly of Namibia.
The Udyog Bhawan Metro Station is located on the Yellow Line of the Delhi Metro.
The UF Veterinary Hospitals are a major animal referral center in the Southeast.
The Ugandan kob is sometimes alternatively classified into the subgenus Adenota.
The UK and Japanese releases of the album contain the bonus track "Hot Pursuit".
The UN and Federal Reserve have denied any knowledge of or connection with OITC.
The underlying mechanism appears to involve the frontolimbic network of neurons.
The underlying mechanism is thought to be vasodilation of the cerebral arteries.
The undisputed championship is an extremely rare and prestigious accomplishment.
The Unicode Standard encodes almost all standard characters used in mathematics.
The unincorporated communities of Briarton and Landstad are located in the town.
The unincorporated communities of Chase and South Chase are located in the town.
The unincorporated communities of Fulton and Indianford are located in the town.
The unincorporated communities of Lincoln and Rio Creek are located in the town.
The unincorporated communities of Nerike and Warrentown are located in the town.
The unincorporated communities of Orion and Twin Bluffs are located in the town.
The unincorporated communities of Red Cliff and Sand Bay are located in Russell.
The unincorporated community of Ash Ridge is also located partially in the town.
The unincorporated community of Bellinger is also located partially in the town.
The unincorporated community of Dunbarton is also located partially in the town.
The unincorporated community of Fairhaven is located within Fair Haven Township.
The unincorporated community of Farmers Valley is located partially in the town.
The unincorporated community of McComber is located within Eagles Nest Township.
The unincorporated community of Moland is partially located within the township.
The unincorporated community of Peyla is located within Vermilion Lake Township.
The unincorporated community of Rangeline is also located partially in the town.
The unincorporated community of Saint Michaels is located partially in the town.
The unincorporated community of Waverly Beach was located partially in the town.
The Union victory helped consolidate Federal control over northeastern Missouri.
The unique glass front and brown sided building is located in the downtown core.
The unique Yugal Darshan of Radhavallabh Temple are based on the same preaching.
The United States Air Force Symbol is the symbol of the United States Air Force.
The United States court of Appeals eventually threw out the bulk of the charges.
The United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit reversed the decision.
The United States expanded the number of its military advisers in South Vietnam.
The United States Judo Association is a sports association in the United States.
The United States Marine Corps continues to use the term regimental combat team.
The United States Marine Corps Logistics Base Barstow is located at Nebo Center.
The United States Mint uses cladding to manufacture coins from different metals.
The United States national handball team is controlled by the USA Team Handball.
The United States Navy calls its units in this role fleet replacement squadrons.
The United States Supreme Court has addressed these issues in a number of cases.
The university has nine faculties distributed over three "disciplinary domains".
The university is a member of the Big Ten Conference for the majority of sports.
The University of Abuja is a tertiary institution in the Nigerian capital Abuja.
The University of Cambridge still has three constituent colleges for women only.
The University of Eastern Philippines is a public university in the Philippines.
The University of Koudougou is one of three public universities in Burkina Faso.
The University of Lapland is the most northern university in the European Union.
The University of Massachusetts won the tournament for the fourth year in a row.
The Upper and Lower Yey dialects are only mutually intelligible with difficulty.
The upper level space continues to be used in the summer for religious services.
The upper part of the tower was restored by Sall Strachey Historic Conservation.
The uppertail coverts are bronzed and the undertail coverts are unmarked rufous.
The URC syntax was intended to be easily understood by both humans and software.
The Uruguay national basketball team participates in international competitions.
The use of children as subjects in nude photography is especially controversial.
The use of coconut rum gives the Cojito a more "tropical" taste than the mojito.
The use of these stoups began in the earliest centuries of the Christian Church.
The use of the word sijelo is particularly widespread in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The user sends an encrypted SMS or MMS to a recipient listed in Crypto Contacts.
The U.S. National Park Service has a long history of specialized training needs.
The UTC offset in the list is not valid in practice during daylight saving time.
The Vacaria River is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
The Valea Albescului River is a tributary of the Valea Caselor river in Romania.
The Valea Comorilor River is a tributary of the Valea Cerbului River in Romania.
The Valea Dracilor River is a tributary of the Izvorul Dorului River in Romania.
The Valea Glodului River is a tributary of the Valea Chiliilor River in Romania.
The Valea Morarului River is a tributary of the Valea Cerbului River in Romania.
The Valley Heights Steam Tramway is also located in the former locomotive depot.
The various lists of radio stations in Canada are organized in a number of ways.
The vast majority of feather discoveries have been for coelurosaurian theropods.
The Vectrex was also released in Japan under the name Bandai Vectrex Kousokusen.
The veil is marked by a long red stripe that runs its full length in the center.
The velocity metric is used for planning sprints and measuring team performance.
The vernacular name "Cascade strawberry" was suggested by the describing author.
The Very Best of Manowar is a compilation album by the heavy metal band Manowar.
The Very Best of M People with a different track listing including extra tracks.
The vessel was taken into the Royal Australian Navy during the Second World War.
The Victorian humanitarian Caroline Chisholm is buried in Billing Road Cemetery.
The video also spun off a partially animated series called Lessons in Agapeland.
The video featured the two bands playing against each other in a football match.
The video features Kooyman and her frequent musical collaborator Richard Bowden.
The Video for Powerless was filmed in Zounds Rehearsal Studios in Saddebrook NJ.
The video for the single "Dirty Water Ocean" was revered on Beavis and Butthead.
The video for the third single "Long Way From Home" was directed by Wayne Isham.
The video was directed by Ross Cairns and filmed at various locations in London.
The video was directed by William Zabka who played Johnny Lawrence in the movie.
The Vijayabahu Infantry Regiment is an infantry regiment of the Sri Lankan Army.
The village also attracts hikers along the Camino de Santiago trail from Najera.
The village church of St Mary has Saxon origins with much Victorian restoration.
The village is famous for its Vikrama Soleswarar and Varadaraja Perumal temples.
The village is inhabited mainly by people belonging to Brahmin and Yadav castes.
The village is known for the cashew trade to Singapore and Malaysia via panruti.
The village is located along the Mississippi River within the Town of Cassville.
The village is located near to Meja Road and Ramnagar in the Allahabad district.
The village is on the border between the Meerut District and Ghaziabad District.
The village is served by Pontyclun railway station on the South Wales Main Line.
The village is situated in a range of volcanic hills known as the Cimini Mounts.
The village is situated midway between the towns of Mablethorpe and Cleethorpes.
The village is surrounded by farms and maintains a strong agricultural presence.
The village itself is situated in the Woolmer Forest and has one Primary School.
The village lies at the junction of the Canal de Garonne with the River Garonne.
The village of Horstead in the county of Norfolk is not short of country houses.
The village of Van Etten is in the town of Van Etten near its eastern town line.
The villages of Westchester and North Westchester are located within Colchester.
The villages through which the Cray flows are collectively known as "The Crays".
The village was once served by the former Weedon to Leamington Spa railway line.
The villa occupied the height dominating the view down the Tiber Valley to Rome.
The vine ripens late and is susceptible to many grape diseases including oidium.
The Vipers wear an orange uniform and play their home matches at the Ageas Bowl.
The virus was identified from the whole genome sequence using Sanger sequencing.
The visa policy of Somalia dictates the use and acquisition of visas in Somalia.
The Viscounts FitzWilliam had no direct relationship with the Earls FitzWilliam.
The visit was called "Grand Affair" and historic for India to reaffirm its ties.
The Voice is an American singing competition television series broadcast on NBC.
The Voice of Love is the second album by American dream pop singer Julee Cruise.
The Volvo FM is a heavy truck range produced by Swedish Volvo Truck Corporation.
The vulnerability exists before the symptoms of a psychological disorder appear.
The Wadi Khanzir is a tributary of the upper Khabur River in northeastern Syria.
The Wagher are a Muslim Rajput community found in the state of Gujarat in India.
The walls at this border coincided with the north flank of the Castello Estense.
The ward currently forms part of the Croydon Central parliamentary constituency.
The Warsaw grouper is a US National Marine Fisheries Service Species of Concern.
The Warthog cape went on to become a symbol of hope for the underdog privateers.
The wartime economic boom had collapsed and the country was deep in a recession.
The waterbody is about five kilometers long and no more than one kilometer wide.
The water had been laced with the poisonous industrial solvent dimethyl sulfide.
The water is cooled by expelling some of its content in the form of water vapor.
The water level in numerous lakes close to Temagami was increased numerous feet.
The waters of the upper two pools and the water fall may be too hot for bathing.
The water that has been "absorbed" then reduces issues with freezing fuel lines.
The Watson family went on to build a number of houses in the Green Springs area.
The wattled curassow is the most ancient lineage of the southern Crax curassows.
The weapon is essentially an airborne version of an improvised explosive device.
The weather deteriorates frequently with strong icy winds lashing much of Murgo.
The website has been recognized for helping change public perception of insects.
The website was founded by Venezuelan investigative journalist Nelson Bocaranda.
The web supports the projection of their identity and facilitates relationships.
The weekend schedule enables WSBL teams to play in multiple leagues each season.
The weekly edition appears on Mondays together with the TV Guide Pro TV Magazin.
The weir is on the other side of the island on the original course of the river.
The Welsh Springer Spaniel is a breed of dog and a member of the spaniel family.
The Wessels mine is a mine located in the west of South Africa in Northern Cape.
The Western Area Rural District is one of the sixteen Districts of Sierra Leone.
The western end of the range is often referred to locally as the Whittier Hills.
The westernmost part of the ward also contains a large section of the Greenbelt.
The western rim projects more prominently above the surrounding irregular plain.
The West Fork of the White River flows past the southwest side of the community.
The West Indian Independence Party was a political party in Trinidad and Tobago.
The Weyburn Security Bank Building is a designated provincial heritage building.
The WGF owns and controls the World Golf Hall of Fame at the World Golf Village.
The White Dwarf is a human powered dirigible that has set several world records.
The White House Situation Room is located in the basement beneath the West Wing.
The whole area is governed by a Mizo typical civic body called Village Councils.
The whole layout and cover art of the booklet has been designed by Travis Smith.
The wife of a Saxon prince will usually take the title and style of her husband.
The Wind from Nowhere is a science fiction novel by English author J.G. Ballard.
The Window forms the bealach between Creag Meagaidh and Stob Poite Coire Ardair.
The windows have balconies built over pillars with intricate carved decorations.
The winner is the person to throw the weet weet the furthest or most accurately.
The winner of the round is the player who got rid of all his or her cards first.
The winner of the tournament receives an automatic berth to the NCAA tournament.
The winner of this tournament will qualify for the next Division A Championship.
The winner Soviet Union qualified for the eighth FIFA World Cup held in England.
The winners qualify to represent the Republic of Ireland in the UEFA Futsal Cup.
The winner West Germany qualified for the eighth FIFA World Cup held in England.
The winning team obtains the participation right to the FIBA Asia Champions Cup.
The Wisconsin State Patrol is the state police force for the state of Wisconsin.
The wisdom of the fool is often opposed to learned knowledge or elite knowledge.
The Wiwannihorn can be climbed easily on its normal route with proper equipment.
The women of the tribe immediately imitated her actions with their own children.
The wooden station building was at road level with steps down to both platforms.
The woodworks are arranged in geometric balance and painted with natural colors.
The wooly leaves are oval or rounded and are located about the base of the stem.
The Woonasquatucket River runs through the southern portion of the neighborhood.
The word chubasco has its origins in the Portuguese word chuva which means rain.
The word "fan" refers to the number of associations correlated with the concept.
The word hydroscope is used to mean any of several instruments related to water.
The word "sector" refers to a subgroup of the total set of fields and particles.
The words "With Pick and Shovel" appear above the engraved names of the winners.
The word Voe is from the Old Norse vagr and denotes a small bay or narrow creek.
The working papers are the property of the accounting firm conducting the audit.
The work is considered part of the Kitchen sink realism school of British drama.
The work is sometimes arranged and performed as a concerto for violin and viola.
The work of Logos II is now being carried on by a replacement vessel Logos Hope.
The work of the group supplements the disaster relief provided by the Red Cross.
The workspace immediately solves the equations created and displays the results.
The work was illustrated with engravings by George Cruikshank and William Heath.
The work went through a number of versions and has remained in print ever since.
The World Scout Winter Games is an international winter sports event for Scouts.
The World Should Know is a studio album by Jamaican reggae singer Burning Spear.
The Wright Verdicts is an American drama television series created by Dick Wolf.
The writer and poet was consistently outspoken and passionate about his beliefs.
The writing of the film was highly collaborative with input from all the actors.
The Wugai Mountain Hunting Field is one of the only two hunting fields in China.
The XP present in the model names signifies the rifles having extreme precision.
The XQJ API provides Java developers with an interface to the XQuery Data Model.
The Yabutian or Jabutian languages are two similar moribund languages of Brazil.
They added Medicine Head John Fiddler on vocals to form the nucleus of the band.
They air out in the Campus Revue coming from Chicago over NBC each Friday night.
They allow the designer to make quick changes to the circuit during development.
They also added a picket fence where an original black iron fence had once been.
They also can have fewer operating costs and be more energy and water efficient.
They also describe the user interface presented to System Policy administrators.
They also distribute their products directly to consumers through their website.
They also generally have no trunk function and weakness in their hands and arms.
They also have an exhibition where guests can go inside the Speeltoren carillon.
They also have the opportunity to become involved in the local diving community.
They also perform at special events put on at various times throughout the year.
They also showed that the tribe Diseae is paraphyletic over the tribe Orchideae.
They also used explosives to demolish underwater obstacles planted by the enemy.
They always have routing and level controls and may also include other features.
They are also called "foodie" fragrances and can be both feminine and masculine.
They are also collected illegally and used for many purposes local and overseas.
They are also in favor of mitigating the damage the CVP caused to the Bay Delta.
They are also running successful business of imported cars from Japan in Durban.
They are also the only father and son who have each won the Willard Gibbs Award.
They are also used as precursors for the synthesis of more complicated carbides.
They are also used to oversee interpretation of rules and contestant complaints.
They are a member of the East Division of the summer collegiate Prospect League.
They are a member of the West Division of the summer collegiate Prospect League.
They are among the Socially and Educationally Backward Classes of Gujarat State.
They are a race of pioneers who have almost beggared themselves to serve others.
They are arguably the most rural and conservative of the major Liberian peoples.
They are associated with other insects and found only in the Afrotropic ecozone.
They are based in Auckland and are part of the International Socialist Tendency.
They are best known as the band that featured Janis Joplin as their lead singer.
They are best known for their songs "Island in the Sun" and "God Blessed Video".
They are called Phool Jhadi in India and are popular during the Diwali festival.
They are cells that support the function of the parenchymal cells of that organ.
They are characterized by vertical wooden posts set into the front stone facing.
They are composed of several summits of which the highest is named Sasso Grande.
They are created because of a pedagogical choice of a school or school district.
They are cultivated in the arc of small oases that constitute the Al Liwa Oasis.
They are currently a principal secretary in the Ministry of Education in Malawi.
They are currently members of the Essex Senior League and play at the Hawthorns.
They are currently members of the Lincolnshire League and play at the Hawthorns.
They are currently members of the North West Counties League Division One South.
They are currently members of the Thames Valley Premier League Premier Division.
They are currently playing in the Second Division of the United Football League.
They are currently recording their third studio work to be released this spring.
They are currently signed to southern California record label The Militia Group.
They are distinguished by their principally historical and geographical content.
They are formed into nearly innumerable shapes for diverse fishing applications.
They are found all over the world but are most common in Mediterranean climates.
They are found mainly in the northern states of India and in Pakistan and Nepal.
They are generally associated with other symptoms but occasionally are isolated.
They are generally recognized to be the first free elections in Russian history.
They are glossy green to grayish green above and covered in silvery hairs below.
They are great advocates for the charity and all the work being done in Belarus.
They are in charge of obtaining taxes from a tehsil with regard to Land Revenue.
They are known for a dance called Mamburuku and socialization with other tribes.
They are known for playing style relying on the abilities of individual players.
They are known for switching between instruments often during live performances.
They are known for their high energy performances and varied musical selections.
They are known to have been speakers of the Oghuz group of the Turkic languages.
They are landmarks of the skyline and the first wind farm to be built in London.
They are listed according to the series of Power Rangers in which they appeared.
They are located at the southwest corner of Central Park South and Sixth Avenue.
They are located east of the rock art and cave paintings of the Atlas Mountains.
They are members of the Midland League Division One and play at the City Ground.
They are members of the Welsh Alliance League and play at the Recreation Ground.
They are native to woodland and grassland in eastern and southern North America.
They are no longer just boudoir shoes and are now worn any day and any occasion.
They are often commissioned by other organizations for drama education projects.
They are often under the tutelage of bartenders and work their way into the job.
They are often used as key beds to correlate the strata in which they are found.
They are part of the North Harbor Rugby Union and compete in their competitions.
They are popular aquarium fish usually used to eliminate algae in the fish tank.
They are popularly known as drumsticks due to the shape of their inflorescences.
They are Protestant and speak English and the local languages Sinhala and Tamil.
They are rather larger than what is normally meant by the term cabinet painting.
They are representative of the commercial and financial prosperity of Chatfield.
They are responsible for transforming genetic information into physical reality.
They are secretive and reveal very little information publicly about themselves.
They are shiny color and usually have no spots or patterns on their wing covers.
They are small songbirds with generally dull plumage but a range of body shapes.
They are sold as medicated supplement to help nasal congestion and sore throats.
They are sometimes incorrectly considered examples of a perpetual motion device.
They are so named because they hunt cicadas and provision their nests with them.
They are spoken within the vicinity of the Daly River in the Northern Territory.
They are still common in rural areas and also in cities of developing countries.
They are structural analogs of the natural antibiotics netropsin and distamycin.
They are the exclusive stockist of this brand in the Middle East and GCC region.
They are the head association for all FIFA affiliated soccer associations in BC.
They are the most common and most movable type of joint in the body of a mammal.
They are the only state trial courts in West Virginia that are courts of record.
They are the written record of the work that is presented to fellow researchers.
They are trying to be included in an expanded National Rugby League competition.
They are used by viruses to insert their genetic material into the host genomes.
They are used during the celebrations of St. John the Baptist and the Midsummer.
They are usually provided with an onboard generator system and air conditioning.
They are yet to play any such matches although they have played several matches.
The Yazidi Movement for Reform and Progress is a Yazidi political party in Iraq.
They became famous for fighting fiercer than the regular Filipino army soldiers.
They became known for the large tombs they built to honor dead chiefs and kings.
They began their wedded life purchasing the Bradbury farm on Big Glace Bay Lake.
They both continue his vision of the dissemination and popularization of kalari.
They both enjoyed the nickname "Rudder Churchill" for the rest of their careers.
They broke through the Iraqi defense lines and surrounded the garrison at Mawat.
They built local versions of the Austin Maestro and Montego with Toyota engines.
They burrowed and lived mostly underground eating mainly underground vegetation.
They came into the game having won eleven successive matches in the competition.
They can also be found in the prostate in men and lead to prostatic hyperplasia.
They can be eaten in place of "normal" raisins and are less sweet than sultanas.
They can live their life without the bond that is so essential to their cousins.
They can sometimes occur on the thicker skin of the palms or bottom of the feet.
They combine black and white in a continuum producing a range of shades of gray.
They compete in Division One of the British Universities Ice Hockey Association.
They compete in the Central State Activities Association in its Silver Division.
They concern questions in the natural philosophy of the day that interested him.
They congregate in large flocks at waterholes in dry regions to drink and bathe.
They consist of the superior cerebellar veins and the inferior cerebellar veins.
They contain white or pinkish ray florets surrounding small yellow disk florets.
They covered the forest floor with plastic sheets and collected the throughfall.
They create a "stash" of food which they frequent during the cold winter months.
They currently play in and have won the BPFL which is the Belize Premier league.
They do not claim to be the traditional owners of the area in which they reside.
They do not deliberately harm humans but they usually venture in alfalfa fields.
The year was characterized by a number of quakes that caused substantial deaths.
The yellowish color is caused by the large amount of sand contained in the clay.
The Yellow Jacket publishes weekly during the academic year in print and online.
They enjoy their time together and this enjoyment eventually blossoms into love.
The yeshiva also provides learning opportunities and resources to the community.
They feed their larvae on the pollen and nectar of plants in the genus Phacelia.
They flew it off the west coast of Australia to study and track turtle habitats.
They form a prominent component of the diverse marine cryptofauna of the region.
They formed a joint venture company under the DKD label group Last Gang Records.
They formed an administration with the support of the Independent Ian Borthwick.
They funded the organization and social services they provided through sex work.
They generally are filed with the Secretary of State or other company registrar.
They get to enjoy the environment and consume strawberries in a variety of ways.
They grow together in some areas and there their characteristics may intergrade.
They have an outside of a typical boot but a low heel to control the motorcycle.
They have been replaced in Europe and many other locations by a value added tax.
They have been represented by National Olympic Committee of Iraq since entering.
They have different stages of football age levels of senior team and under ages.
They have feathering on the toes and tarsi that is characteristic of this genus.
They have fleshy lobes at the bottom edge of their ears and on their lower lips.
They have great symbolic value and significance in cultural or historical terms.
They have previously been a part of the AFL Queensland State League competition.
They have released seven studio albums and one split EP with Dead Swans to date.
They have the discretion to offer the award in successive years if they so wish.
They have to identify real people by connecting with their genetic similarities.
They have very few metal components and are resistant to overpressure and shock.
They help those businesses maintain a better connection with their stakeholders.
They hold concert band championship titles on national and international levels.
They include an Inspector Banks novella and three Inspector Banks short stories.
They invented and patented a stackable takeout pizza container called Piattopak.
They involve attaching the orthodontic brackets on the inner sides of the teeth.
They involve the primary goal of watching wild animals in their natural habitat.
They later established a base of operations in the United States in New Orleans.
They manufacture open platform based medium format camera systems and solutions.
They may accordingly be important in forensic entomology and medical entomology.
They may also raise money for a company merge or acquisition of another company.
They may be custom designed to meet the requirements unique of a particular use.
They may be used to teach academic lessons or help students learn social skills.
They moved to the Lijnbaansgracht in what is now the Sugar Factory a year later.
They next participated in the annexation of Burma during the Second Burmese War.
They occupy the Big Apple Reserved section of Citi Field during Mets home games.
They offer grants and scholarships to those undertaking study in the paranormal.
They often view this term as a clear standard of quality that they desire in TT.
They operated during the final years of the Indonesian occupation of East Timor.
They operate under the authority of the Ministry of Physical Culture and Sports.
They organized recruiters on the national level who were also paid a commission.
The York and Selby lines are commuter railway lines in West and North Yorkshire.
The Young Greens have campus clubs and regional clubs established across Canada.
The young Heidi is sent to live with her reclusive Grandfather high in the Alps.
The youth organization the Young Socialist League was affiliated with the party.
They participate in the elections through either Saint Pierre or Miquelon lists.
They planted the flag of Azerbaijan and left behind a bronze plate in each spot.
They played their home games at Tampa Stadium and then at Raymond James Stadium.
They play leading roles in the accountancy and finance profession in Bangladesh.
They possess some of the most ancient features of any extant frogs in the world.
They probably mine the leaves as well as the fruit or seeds of their host plant.
They provide digital financial advice based on mathematical rules or algorithms.
They purchased all of their own printing presses and automated packing machines.
They put emphasis on the development of creative and analytical thinking skills.
They qualified to the aforementioned tournament along with Paraguay and Uruguay.
They reached the Challenge Cup final in which they defeated Huddersfield Giants.
They received land grants if they stayed in the colony for at least three years.
They recruit cute wallflower Kate in their scheme to publicly humiliate the lad.
They released four albums and two split records over their eight years together.
They released most of their music through their own record label Dogbox Records.
They research leading issues concerning Chinese economic reforms and opening up.
They said that local consultation had confirmed it was obsolete and unnecessary.
They share the arena with EC Red Bull Salzburg of the Erste Bank Eishockey Liga.
They should work quickly and efficiently to increase access and improve service.
They soon started competing for the best visual presentation of these additions.
They sought a means to survive the inhospitable environment at Jamestown Island.
They specialized in British made mobility products for the elderly and disabled.
They support allowing married and single people of both sexes to become priests.
They take their name from a character in The Pickwick Papers by Charles Dickens.
They tended to support the Union and were opposed to the institution of slavery.
They tend to be one of the least aggressive of all swine breeds raised for meat.
They then began to distribute them to poetry magazines both online and in print.
They turned all Republicans out of office and declared the Democrats as winners.
They use a smaller amount of stack space than regular recursive descent parsers.
They use the structure in harvesting pollen and carrying it to the nest or hive.
They were also portrayed in the movie as soulless killers who never said a word.
They were also the base for creating the also rare Beltsville Small White breed.
They were also used for this purpose on a more limited scale in other countries.
They were assisted by benefices from outside such as the ones from Duke Leopold.
They were born joined at the back of the skull and faced in opposite directions.
They were boycotted by the Indian National Congress and marked by public apathy.
They were captained for the eighth season in succession by Mahendra Singh Dhoni.
They were coached by Chuck Long and played their home games at Qualcomm Stadium.
They were designed and sculpted by designer/blacksmith David Wood of Bent Metal.
They were established with funding from Indian Council of Agricultural Research.
They were hosted by various hosts including Barbara Mandrell and Valerie Harper.
They were joined on stage by guitarist Ronnie Wood and vocalist Geno Washington.
They were knocked out of the Azerbaijan Cup by Baku at the Quarter Finals stage.
They were known as the Longmoor Military Railway and operated steam locomotives.
They were known for their comedic musical acts as well as their many recordings.
They were material considerations in the determination of planning applications.
They were often entertained afterwards by the Bradfords at Castle Bromwich Hall.
They were part of the Western Division of the independent North American League.
They were the first Cape gage mainline engines to enter service in South Africa.
They were the first major television awards of their kind in the United Kingdom.
They were then eliminated in the second round by Byron Black and Jonathan Stark.
They were the only team to beat the Minnesota Vikings during the regular season.
They were unable to begin work on the episode until six days before its airdate.
They wheeled it down the road for a kilometer or two and tossed it into a ditch.
They will be coached by former NFL player and college head coach Rick Neuheisel.
They won the second division championship in their first season after promotion.
They work with youth and students in various cities and villages in south India.
They would arrive in their burqas with their bags full of material and scissors.
The Zamitsa mine is one of the largest diamond mines in Russia and in the world.
The Zarya Vostoka building is an office building in Tbilisi on Rustaveli Avenue.
The Z Channel was one of the first pay television stations in the United States.
The Zechariah seal is an emblem used by a number of families of Jewish heritage.
Thiersheim is a municipality in the district of Wunsiedel in Bavaria in Germany.
Thierstein is a municipality in the district of Wunsiedel in Bavaria in Germany.
Thiirane is also used to describe any derivative of the parent ethylene sulfide.
Thinking Ape Blues is a webcomic created by freelance illustrator Mark Poutenis.
Thioalkalimicrobium is a defunct bacterial genus within the Gammaproteobacteria.
Thirteen months after being captured she ran aground while pursuing enemy ships.
Thirty Seconds to Mars performed the song on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert.
Thiruvonam is a state assembly constituency in Thanjavur district in Tamil Nadu.
This action is similar to that of the cylinder in an internal combustion engine.
This activity breached the privacy rules and guidelines set by several browsers.
This activity is being seen as less socially acceptable than it was in the past.
This act was later followed by the acquisition of Spin magazine by McEvoy Media.
This album also included an additional Bonus CD Sampler with each physical copy.
This album contains songs with the participation of singers from various genres.
This album features the hit theme from the TV series The Greatest American Hero.
This album represents the beginning of a creative and commercial zenith for Rea.
This album was released as a double album on vinyl and a single CD and cassette.
This album was the first to be recorded back in California since Loud and Clear.
This allowed him to play with Snedeker in the final pairing for the final round.
This allowed the government to make social reforms to pension and public health.
This allows a higher concentration of chemotherapy to reach tumors in the lungs.
This allows for the adaptation and growth of a community after disaster strikes.
This allows participants to critically analyze the findings and comment on them.
This allows the boat to be taken in and out of a trailer in a matter of an hour.
This allows the connection of SATA drives to most SAS backplanes or controllers.
This allows the drug to selectively target the cells that the antibody binds to.
This allows the specification of simple runtime scenarios in a graphical manner.
This also explains why the angels are so quickly forgotten later in the chapter.
This also has several cysteines that are involved in forming disulphide bridges.
This also limited the ability of the National Banks to issue notes of their own.
This also meant that more teams than before were promoted to the Eerste Divisie.
This also serves as training ground for Broadcasting and Communication students.
This ancient coppice with standards wood is on sand and loess over boulder clay.
This app was developed by a Chinese iOS hacking community known as PP Assistant.
This aromatic compound is colorless and polar and can be used in various fields.
This article compares video converters that have their own article on Wikipedia.
This article consists of a list of episodes of the animated series Static Shock.
This article contains a discography for record producer and bassist Trevor Horn.
This article contains an alphabetical list of notable roads within Kuala Lumpur.
This article covers the history of the Colonia Roma neighborhood of Mexico City.
This article deals with the children of Manuel I and in turn their senior heirs.
This article details the complete oeuvre of American drummer Vincent Signorelli.
This article details the history of the Seattle Seahawks American football club.
This article details the list of Little League World Series winners by division.
This article discusses banking in Cuba and gives an overview of the recent past.
This article discusses the domestic policy of the George W. Bush administration.
This article documents the discography of American country artist Bonnie Guitar.
This article is about British nationality law in respect of citizens of Ireland.
This article is about the administrative divisions of the Republic of Macedonia.
This article is about the phonology and phonetics of the Upper Sorbian language.
This article is about the sacred music of Judaism from Biblical to Modern times.
This article is a list of the prime ministers of Canada by their time in office.
This article is a timeline of events relevant to the Islamic Revolution in Iran.
This article is intended to list recipients of the Air Force Medal of Australia.
This article lists notable events and releases in the history of the Lego Group.
This article lists the largest church buildings as measured by various criteria.
This article presents information about the historical population of Banja Luka.
This article presents the demographic history of Romania through census results.
This article provides a list of episodes of the television series Lost in Space.
This article provides links to many of the main characters in the Dune universe.
This award is distinct from the Les Bartley Award given out by the Toronto Rock.
This blackened surrounding area is made up of tiny structures called perithecia.
This blast from the not so distant past lets the present Britta finally move on.
This body of research also encompasses animal feed regulations and requirements.
This book features alternating narratives from twins born into the Bush dynasty.
This Book is a book by Ryan Nerz which explores the world of competitive eating.
This book is preceded by "The Golden Lily" and is followed by "The Fiery Heart".
This book is the least historical and most novelistic of any of the seven books.
This branch and the Main Library both have rooms for rent for commercial groups.
This bridge connected Pathanamthitta and Kollam districts through Kallada River.
This builds on the perceived dichotomy between cats and dogs as pets in society.
This can be a grave symptom in cases of extreme exhaustion or approaching death.
This can be dangerous as the molten material can be blown substantial distances.
This can be difficult since the camera may be a long distance from the operator.
This can be true if one is speaking of typical challenges and typical solutions.
This can happen even when the rest of Virginia Beach is not affected by a storm.
This capture was part of the Groot Desseyn plan of the Dutch West India Company.
This car marked some significant changes in the landscape of production Bandini.
This carnival has deep roots associated with Mesoamerican mythology and rituals.
This causes problems for local residents since it also floods nearby side roads.
This causes weight transfer that rotates the car toward the outside of the turn.
This cavefish is endemic to the Jumandi Cave in the Napo River basin in Ecuador.
This challenge to Papal supremacy resulted in a breach with the Catholic Church.
This City has a rich culture in various sports such as wrestling and volleyball.
This classification differentiates it from a similar syndrome known as kyphosis.
This collaborative management model follows that of the Tornado program closely.
This college offers different undergraduate and postgraduate courses in science.
This common quality has traditionally been referred to as tertium comparationis.
This community had considerable influence during the reign of the Mughal Empire.
This community is located in the provincial electoral district of Port de Grave.
This company now carries on the GameTree TV business under the TransGaming name.
This compound is generally applied as a dispersion of gelled particles in water.
This concept is useful for understanding the initiation of phytoplankton blooms.
This constituency covers the entire Garhwa district and part of Palamu district.
This contributes to the diversity and richness of this area of southern Britain.
This conversion of cholesterol into bile acids lowers plasma cholesterol levels.
This corpus is one of the largest and most significant of its kind in the world.
This cost is expected to increase as the aging infrastructure continues to fail.
This crater was designated Apollonius G before being assigned a name by the IAU.
This crater was previously designated Taruntius D before being named by the IAU.
This crater was previously designated Taruntius M before being named by the IAU.
This creates a contrast in stimulation that allows increased sensory perception.
This damp acidic meadow common is traditionally managed by light cattle grazing.
This dance reflects the graceful pride and hospitality of South Sumatran people.
This day was celebrated as Republic Day after the establishment of the republic.
This death is usually partitioned into catch by fisheries and natural mortality.
This definition describes an area often considered to be the heart of Southside.
This definition of entropy does not have a clear thermodynamical interpretation.
This device gave them the freedom to travel outside the home of their own power.
This differentiated phenotype increases following chemotherapy and radiotherapy.
This discipline is an overlap between electrochemistry and chemical engineering.
This distinction is a recurring theme in scholarly literature on transsexualism.
This document is issued by the police on behalf of the Ministry of the Interior.
This drama will soon air in India on Zindagi under the segment Zindagi Classics.
This DVD is also the only Hanoi Rocks release to feature drummer George Atlagic.
This edition of the event was sponsored by Indian conglomerate Manikchand Group.
This election saw Sunni Arab parties lose a number of seats to minority parties.
This election was held at the same time as the election for Governor of Florida.
This election will determine who will become the next President of South Africa.
This encounter allows each to realize the truth about the lives they are living.
This Encrypted module is usually in the form of an IC on the Electronic circuit.
This endorsement ensures its phones fully operate on all global mobile networks.
This ensemble is dedicated to performing and recording the music of Steve Reich.
This episode is also known as "Pantomime" and "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs".
This episode marks the first appearance of Lawrence Gilliard Jr. as Bob Stookey.
This episode was dedicated to the memory of Family Guy music editor Doug Lackey.
This episode was written by Chris and Matt McKenna and directed by Joe Daniello.
This established the original boundaries of the Oneida Reservation of Wisconsin.
This event is organized by locals and includes skits and songs for all to enjoy.
This examination allows to prepare the Advance Level reserved for higher levels.
This extended the scope of the journal to include medical and oncology research.
This facility was latterly owned by the privatized Scottish Power utility group.
This factor is used for designing and analyzing the flow of traffic on highways.
This feature could take on multiple values to indicate various levels of stress.
This feature forms the central member of a formation of three connected craters.
This federal constituency is the most populous federal constituency in Malaysia.
This film features several of the actors / actresses from the Primrose Hill set.
This film has been recently restored and available for viewing and DVD purchase.
This film is preserved in the paper print collection of the Library of Congress.
This film recorded as top grossing south Indian film at the time of its release.
This film was a collaboration between Animage Production and Number Eight Films.
This film was a vehicle for both Moore and Perkins to try to escape typecasting.
This film was produced by Ashok Dhanuka of Eskay Movies who also distributed it.
This film was the only production cinematographer David Thompson ever worked on.
This food loss is also connected to other problems such as with forming burrows.
This frequency range is created when there are gaps between television channels.
This functional group consists of a carbonyl group flanked by two alkoxy groups.
This game used original deck rules by using a spellbook instead of a loose deck.
This game was released exclusively to North American and South American markets.
This gave the Plant System an additional route into Tampa from northern Florida.
This gene encodes a member of the family of pyridine nucleotide oxidoreductases.
This gene encodes a myosin alkali light chain expressed in fast skeletal muscle.
This gene encodes an enzyme responsible for this posttranslational modification.
This gene encodes a protein that is similar to a tumor suppressor in Drosophila.
This gene may play a role in the development of tumors of the kidney and larynx.
This general procedure can be applied to image data of arbitrary dimensionality.
This genus includes some of the most commonly seen lizards in the United States.
This genus is sometimes placed in the families Scrophulariaceae or Gratiolaceae.
This gives the archivist the opportunity to pull the requested material for you.
This goes to show that there can still be surprises in the forests of Singapore.
This grade is made up of mechanical pulp in between two layers of chemical pulp.
This grass grows in moist to wet habitat and it can live in saline environments.
This group have produced many shows including Myfi Yw and Pum diwrnod o rhyddid.
This group is billed as improvisational music from the outer reaches of madness.
This has been linked to a range of diseases such as cancer and type II diabetes.
This has given the school a globally recognized high school leaving certificate.
This has had a calamitous impact on the livelihoods associated with agriculture.
This has led to the adoption of western music styles like Dancehall and Hip Hop.
This has led to unprecedented domestic and international exposure for the event.
This has pushed prices up in countries such as Bangladesh and the United States.
This has since been surpassed by the mysterious "Pepper X" or "Badfinger" chili.
This he discussed with John Kiltinen who believed it could turned into an opera.
This helped him secure a job at the publication a year after moving to New York.
This helps people to become friends while they share their surviving techniques.
This helps the ATC controller verify that the pilot has all current information.
This high level of detail sets Clymer apart from its factory "OEM" counterparts.
This historic building is currently being used as Zanjan anthropological museum.
This hospital has upgraded as General Hospital by the State health Minister Smt.
This ice shelf lies between Alert Point and Cape Woods on the Wootton Peninsula.
This idea is expressed through the continuous modulation of timbre in the piece.
This improved the economic condition of India by reducing excessive expenditure.
This includes land on both sides of the Baradine Creek and the town of Baradine.
This includes resolving disputes between the executive and legislative branches.
This increases the surface area enough to allow for effective radiative cooling.
This indicates that the stream has experienced some severe environmental damage.
This inspired him to design a Grand Prix racing game to apply his new technique.
This interaction however causes him to begin having second thoughts about death.
This involves participants only describing their actions but not other thoughts.
This is a bibliography of books by or about the director and actor Orson Welles.
This is accomplished by observing the new phenotype of the organism in question.
This is accomplished by using mostly different actors and production facilities.
This is achieved by local concentration of sewage from a single "housing block".
This is a chronological listing of the United States Senators from Pennsylvania.
This is a chronological list of human spaceflights to the Salyut space stations.
This is a circular crater formation with an interior that is shaped like a bowl.
This is a circular crater with some minor terrace structure along the inner rim.
This is a complete list of Appalachian State Mountaineers head football coaches.
This is a detailed discography for American country music artist Porter Wagoner.
This is a discography for South African accordionist and composer Nico Carstens.
This is a discography of Eels and other musical projects of Mark Oliver Everett.
This is a favorite vacation destination for many coming to the Thousand Islands.
This is a large version of the extended periodic table of the chemical elements.
This is a law enforcement agency that is a part of Ministry of Interior Affairs.
This is a listing of vehicles that did not contribute greatly to the war effort.
This is a list of aircraft engines used by the Imperial Japanese Army Air Force.
This is a list of all GWR Hall Class engines built by the Great Western Railway.
This is a list of all present sovereign states in Africa and their predecessors.
This is a list of all present sovereign states in Europe and their predecessors.
This is a list of Ambassadors of the United States to the Republic of Indonesia.
This is a list of American Civil War brevet generals that served the Union Army.
This is a list of animals that markedly feature external asymmetry in some form.
This is a list of artworks by Alexander Calder that are available to the public.
This is a list of Australian Federal Police officers killed in the line of duty.
This is a list of awards and nominations received by Chinese actress Xu Jinglei.
This is a list of awards dedicated to honoring or recognizing African Americans.
This is a list of books in the series Studies in the Social History of Medicine.
This is a list of British Army Installations in the United Kingdom and overseas.
This is a list of campuses and centers affiliated with Johns Hopkins University.
This is a list of characters in the American animated television series Top Cat.
This is a list of characters who appear in the superhero TV series Static Shock.
This is a list of cities and towns in Lebanon distributed according to district.
This is a list of cities and towns in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa.
This is a list of cities and towns in the Western Cape province of South Africa.
This is a list of civil parishes in the ceremonial county of the City of London.
This is a list of colleges and universities in the United States Virgin Islands.
This is a list of comics or comic strips that have been made into feature films.
This is a list of commentators who currently work or have worked for Fox Sports.
This is a list of common inorganic and organometallic compounds of each element.
This is a list of countries that have participated in the Miss Universe pageant.
This is a list of current and defunct Western European automobile manufacturers.
This is a list of current and past vehicles and other products from Mack Trucks.
This is a list of current high definition channels that are available in Canada.
This is a list of current television programs broadcast by Cartoonito in the UK.
This is a list of destinations that were served by the now defunct Estonian Air.
This is a list of Development Regions of British Columbia as defined by StatsBC.
This is a list of diplomatic missions in Botswana excluding honorary consulates.
This is a list of episodes for British comedy drama web series Corner Shop Show.
This is a list of episodes for the PBS documentary television series Wide Angle.
This is a list of episodes for the television series The New WKRP in Cincinnati.
This is a list of episodes from the seventh season of Real Time with Bill Maher.
This is a list of episodes from the twelfth season of Real Time with Bill Maher.
This is a list of episodes of the Indian television sitcom Sarabhai vs Sarabhai.
This is a list of fictional characters from the manga and anime series Planetes.
This is a list of films set on or around the New Year of the Gregorian calendar.
This is a list of flag bearers who have represented Afghanistan at the Olympics.
This is a list of flag bearers who have represented Australasia at the Olympics.
This is a list of flag bearers who have represented El Salvador at the Olympics.
This is a list of flag bearers who have represented Ivory Coast at the Olympics.
This is a list of flag bearers who have represented New Zealand at the Olympics.
This is a list of flag bearers who have represented North Korea at the Olympics.
This is a list of flag bearers who have represented Puerto Rico at the Olympics.
This is a list of flag bearers who have represented Saint Lucia at the Olympics.
This is a list of flag bearers who have represented South Korea at the Olympics.
This is a list of flag bearers who have represented South Sudan at the Olympics.
This is a list of flag bearers who have represented Switzerland at the Olympics.
This is a list of football clubs based in the British county of North Yorkshire.
This is a list of football clubs based in the British county of Nottinghamshire.
This is a list of former schools in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Milwaukee.
This is a list of generalist television channels grouped by country and network.
This is a list of Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football players in the NFL Draft.
This is a list of heads of state and heads of government who have visited India.
This is a list of islands on the Potomac River and its North and South branches.
This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
This is a list of lichens of Sweden ordered by family and their scientific name.
This is a list of locations where busking is known to happen on a regular basis.
This is a list of mayors of Cordova in the state of Alaska in the United States.
This is a list of melon dishes and foods that use melon as a primary ingredient.
This is a list of Montreal Expos and Washington Nationals owners and executives.
This is a list of North Dakota Fighting Hawks football players in the NFL Draft.
This is a list of notable and historic figures who have been or are polyamorous.
This is a list of notable archeological sites sorted by country and territories.
This is a list of notable films that are primarily about and/or feature animals.
This is a list of notable Ghanaian actors listed in alphabetic order by surname.
This is a list of notable people from Tirunelveli Town and Tirunelveli District.
This is a list of notable restaurant districts and streets in the United States.
This is a list of notable top international players of the racquet sport squash.
This is a list of people from Purvanchal region of Uttar Pradesh state of India.
This is a list of people on the postage stamps of British East Africa and Kenya.
This is a list of people who have held the title of Prime Minister of Tatarstan.
This is a list of people with Wikipedia articles who died in a motorcycle crash.
This is a list of Presidents of the Institutional Revolutionary Party of Mexico.
This is a list of Princeton University alumni who competed in the Olympic Games.
This is a list of railway stations in Chile that are part of transport in Chile.
This is a list of schools in Calderdale in the English county of West Yorkshire.
This is a list of schools in Sheffield in the English county of South Yorkshire.
This is a list of Scottish medal winners at the Summer and Winter Olympic Games.
This is a list of seasons played by Kent County Cricket Club in English cricket.
This is a list of seasons played by S.S. Lazio in Italian and European football.
This is a list of several past and present personalities on the ESPNews network.
This is a list of some of the military and civilian aircraft produced in Sweden.
This is a list of songs recorded by the English alternative rock band Radiohead.
This is a List of Southern Miss Golden Eagles football players in the NFL Draft.
This is a list of tallest freestanding structures in the world past and present.
This is a list of the Chairpersons of the College Republican National Committee.
This is a list of the current and defunct discount chains of the United Kingdom.
This is a list of the de facto prime ministers of the Republic of South Ossetia.
This is a list of the horse breeds usually considered to be native to Indonesia.
This is a list of the largest daily changes in the Dow Jones Industrial Average.
This is a list of the largest urban zones in the Nordic countries by population.
This is a list of the main career statistics of tennis player Jennifer Capriati.
This is a list of the main career statistics of tennis player Nikolay Davydenko.
This is a list of the major rivers that flow through Slovakia and their lengths.
This is a list of the members of German supergroup rock opera project Avantasia.
This is a list of the Pennsylvania state historical markers in Allegheny County.
This is a list of the Pennsylvania state historical markers in Armstrong County.
This is a list of the Pennsylvania state historical markers in Jefferson County.
This is a list of the Pennsylvania state historical markers in Lancaster County.
This is a list of the substantive decisions of the Supreme Court of New Zealand.
This is a list of the women who have been Queens consort of the Frankish people.
This is a list of topics typically studied by students of industrial archeology.
This is a list of universities and other higher education institutions in Chile.
This is a list of unmade and unreleased animated projects by Universal Pictures.
This is a list of U.S. Senators and Representatives who opposed the Vietnam War.
This is a list of values of total fertility rates by federal subjects of Russia.
This is a list of video games published by or under license from Games Workshop.
This is a list of Western Carolina Catamounts football players in the NFL Draft.
This is a list of wives and consorts of the sovereign rulers of the Isle of Man.
This is a list of women who are or have been Members of the Scottish Parliament.
This is a list of women who have represented Thailand at the Miss Earth pageant.
This is a List of World Championships medalists in sailing in multihull classes.
This is a list of yearly Great Northwest Athletic Conference football standings.
This is also observed in various other places in Andhra Pradesh including Allur.
This is also the first album in which Saxophonist Takeshi Itoh used the Lyricon.
This is also the third largest home in the entire Los Angeles metropolitan area.
This is always made difficult for the students and teachers to close this river.
This is an alphabetical listing of Cobra Command members with unique identities.
This is an alphabetical list of different motibus propriis by pontifical author.
This is an ancient coppice with standards wood with a variety of woodland types.
This is an example of convergent evolution because they are not closely related.
This is an extreme example of the joint family system that is in vogue in India.
This is an important discipline within the umbrella field computational biology.
This is an incomplete list of basilicas of the Roman Catholic Church in Germany.
This is an incomplete list of presidents of the Royal Philatelic Society London.
This is an ongoing list of current and former monster trucks with their drivers.
This is an overview of religion by country according to the Pew Research Center.
This is an overview of the discography of The End Records and affiliated labels.
This is a perennial grass forming clumps and spreading via rhizomes and stolons.
This is a petite perennial herb forming tufts of stems from threadlike taproots.
This is a small perennial herb of sage scrub on volcanic soils and rocky slopes.
This is a small perennial herb producing two or three leaves from a flat caudex.
This is a survey of the postage stamps and postal history of German East Africa.
This is a survey of the postage stamps and postal history of the Czech Republic.
This is a survey of the postage stamps and postal history of the Nyassa Company.
This is a survey of the postage stamps and postal history of the Ryukyu Islands.
This is a timeline of major events in the history of the modern state of Jordan.
This is a traditionally managed hay meadow on the bank of the Grand Union Canal.
This is attended by teams from across the north of England and Scotland of late.
This is a worn crater that is almost entirely surrounded by basaltic lava flows.
This is because the observability is through the shared power supply connection.
This is colloquially referred to as the website being "farked" by the community.
This is considered the first autobiographical narrative by a Dalit woman writer.
This is currently the most common infectious disease of dogs in Southern Africa.
This is determined by the number of visitors and the number of pages they visit.
This is due to the perceived abandonment of Reformation doctrine by that church.
This is especially true if the rider tries to force the horse into the movement.
This is followed by regeneration or treatment of wastewater before being reused.
This is implemented using a radio receiver having a tunable receiving frequency.
This is invariably the case when a batsman is out bowled or to an obvious catch.
This is just off Broadway in the part of the city referred to as "Federal Hill."
This is located on the south easterly side of Nusa Ceningan at Mahana Point Bar.
This is most often done for the birth or Natal Chart of a particular individual.
This is not a very popular form of motorsport but it has grown in North America.
This is not compatible with most VGA monitors but usually with most Televisions.
This is not to be confused with the Wii and PlayStation titles of the same name.
This is one of the methods that bacteria use to become resistant to antibiotics.
This is one of the reasons that a cancer can get so big before it is discovered.
This is one way insects avoid predation during their most vulnerable life stage.
This is page shows results of Canadian federal elections in the city of Calgary.
This is particularly valuable for irregular or irretrievable scanning movements.
This is place for worship of Mata Durga also known as shakti peeth of Maa Durga.
This is rapidly changing as Behavior Analysts are becoming more and more common.
This is the complete list of episodes of the animated series Corneil and Bernie.
This is the discography for American rhythm and blues musician Anthony Hamilton.
This is the discography of American electronic dance music producer and DJ Jauz.
This is the filmography of prominent Telugu cinema actor Akkineni Nageswara Rao.
This is the first album with Ruben Israel on drums and Merel Bechtold on guitar.
This is the first and only film directed by actor and screenwriter Fausto Tozzi.
This is the first election in which any candidate won more than a million votes.
This is the first ever television program in the Philippines to use a steadicam.
This is the first German production produced exclusively for premium television.
This is the first hydro electric power project to build on the Chalakkudi River.
This is the form of the blessing used by most Gardnerian and Alexandrian covens.
This is the incomplete list of official social and NGO organizations in Myanmar.
This is the last album to feature guitarist Greg Tribbett and bassist Bob Zilla.
This is the list of cathedrals in the Dominican Republic sorted by denomination.
This is the list of current leaders of Malaysian states and federal territories.
This is the main legal policy making and advisory authority of State Government.
This is then followed by medical imaging to determine if the disease has spread.
This is the only Acid Mothers Temple incarnation to not include Makoto Kawabata.
This is the only movie in which Yash Chopra and Dharmendra have worked together.
This is third movie by Sujay Dahake after successful debut film Shala and Ajoba.
This is true despite the breadth of coverage provided to children through EPSDT.
This is used in overall project management including reporting and cost control.
This is useful because the jib needs considerable fore stay tension to set well.
This is usually the result of a poor bond between the asphalt and the aggregate.
This is where CAM becomes especially vital and far outshines manual programming.
This is where LexSite excels in providing an outstanding quality of information.
This knowledge can also be extended to other food crops such as wheat and maize.
This label design would also turn up on the single releases from the soundtrack.
This lake attracts a lot of birds which make nests in the trees around the lake.
This lake is maintained by the City of Prescott Parks and Recreation department.
This larger area is the area represented by the Cedar Park Neighborhood Council.
This led to a sizeable number of exchanges being divided between two area codes.
This led to substantial public controversy and claims of adverse health effects.
This left the field open to challenge the world record holder for the top prize.
This limitation can be minimized by having the database at the application tier.
This list also includes information regarding his work as translator and editor.
This list does not consist of all weapons used by all countries in World War II.
This list excludes deaths involving stunt persons as they are listed separately.
This list include all solo material or sideprojects performed by Sebastian Bach.
This list includes all properties in Illinois that qualify under this criterion.
This list includes all the players who have represented the Welsh national team.
This list is a bibliography of works on the Tonga people of Zambia and Zimbabwe.
This list is a chronological collection of significant events from such fiction.
This list is of the Natural Monuments of Japan within the Prefecture of Okinawa.
This list of snakes of Florida includes all snakes in the U.S. state of Florida.
This List of tanks of the Soviet Union lists tanks produced by the Soviet Union.
This list of traditional armaments tries to include all "traditional" armaments.
This list provides an overview of the motive power operated by Deutsche Bahn AG.
This made Benet the first winner of a regular Drag Race season to compete again.
This makes the Redhawk popular as a bear defense gun among hunters and trappers.
This may be due to fewer patients enrolled in the study than originally planned.
This may be offset by reduced timings for road transport over shorter distances.
This means not only focusing on curative care but also on prevention of disease.
This means that data can now be transmitted in both directions at the same time.
This means that during a Spatiamentum each monk will converse with eight others.
This means that fructose has the same fate as glucose after it gets metabolized.
This means that this vulnerability may allow for key material to be compromised.
This meant that at the time they were outnumbered in Wa District by the Dagarti.
This mechanism would allow for rapid adaptation to new environmental conditions.
This method can help keep the rescuer as safe as possible throughout the rescue.
This method enables scientists to separate different cells with different sizes.
This method is commonly used in industrial demolition activities such as mining.
This method needs a number of participants sufficient for covering the distance.
This method of feeding indicates the New Caledonian crow is capable of tool use.
Thismiaceae is a family of flowering plants whose status is currently uncertain.
This migration shaped and influenced Australian policy for over a hundred years.
This mission relies on the use of Sapper and EOD forces to accomplish this task.
This mode of action is also shared with another natural agent called colchicine.
This modification provides a better battery life than the original battery pack.
This molding can be terminated at the side by ornamentation called a label stop.
This movie was loosely based on the life of Indian bandit turned politician Smt.
This mush was then cooked in a waterproof basket with hot rocks and then served.
This music video contains a story of a boy who had lost mother in his childhood.
This name has been superseded by the newly published name Hayesiana farintaenia.
This National Park Service list is complete through NPS recent listings posted .
This near Southside neighborhood is located just north of the Shaw neighborhood.
This network is also the parent network to VA New York Harbor Healthcare System.
This network is collectively described as the Queensland Electric Super Highway.
This novel is also written in the Anchalik style for which the author is famous.
This novel shared the award with The Cupboard Under the Stairs by George Turner.
This numbering scheme is used in photographic printing and photographic filters.
This observation point gives panoramic views over the township of Alice Springs.
This obvious evolutionary success can probably be attributed to several factors.
This occurs because stereoelectronic effects controls the actions of the enzyme.
This officer acts as the representative of the central government at this level.
This Old Hat is an album released by American country music artist Chris LeDoux.
This operation forms part of what became known as the Battle of Cuito Cuanavale.
This order for extradition was approved by Secretary of State Philander C. Knox.
This order was dedicated to a more eremitic lifestyle befitting this rural site.
This organism is not known to be pathogenic and is commonly found in freshwater.
This organization was made for punishing American who spoke out against the war.
This pageant edition holds the record for having the most number of contestants.
This page details the players to have played for the North Wales Crusaders club.
This page examines the forms of taxation levied in India during the Middle Ages.
This page is a list of French divisions that existed during the First World War.
This page is a list of substances or materials generally considered discredited.
This page is a list of these buildings in the district of Bournemouth in Dorset.
This page is a list of these buildings in the district of Castle Point in Essex.
This page is a list of these buildings in the district of East Dorset in Dorset.
This page is a list of these buildings in the district of Erewash in Derbyshire.
This page is a list of these buildings in the district of Rother in East Sussex.
This page is a list of these buildings in the district of Rushmoor in Hampshire.
This page is a list of these buildings in the Forest of Dean in Gloucestershire.
This page is an overview of Poland at the UCI Track Cycling World Championships.
This page lists the results of leadership elections held by the Union Nationale.
This page only features vehicles and brands manufactured or assembled in Taiwan.
This page provides a partial list of television shows shooting in New York City.
This painting shows a view of the modern woman and is similar in style to Degas.
This park was affected by the Mountain Pine Beetle epidemic in British Columbia.
This partially contributes to the expansion of the rib cages during ventilation.
This partially explains the popularity of fixed horizontal jibs in these fields.
This particular set contains every studio album from years with Capitol Records.
This part of the unconscious exerts an indirect influence on our emotional life.
This party song or party anthem is often sung or performed at party conferences.
This perennial plant produces erect stems up to half a meter tall from a caudex.
This period also saw an increased focus by Global Empires on colonial expansion.
This phenomenon is also the essence of electromagnetically induced transparency.
This phone is the GSM version of the phone commonly known as the Chocolate Flip.
This picture is often associated with pictures of Omran Daqneesh and Alan Kurdi.
This piercing can be placed either through the labia minora or the labia majora.
This pixel shader then renders to all render targets with a single draw command.
This place comes under two panchayats which are Vellankovil and Kadukkampalayam.
This plant grows in mountain meadows in southern Washington and northern Oregon.
This plant has a limited distribution and is found only on a specific substrate.
This plant is known or likely to be susceptible to barley mild mosaic bymovirus.
This plant is native to the Balcones Escarpment on the Edwards Plateau in Texas.
This "pollution is for free" mentality is less and less accepted by communities.
This Polytechnic College is one of the oldest technical colleges in this region.
This popular aerial achievement has become known worldwide as simply "The Flip".
This practice is commonly associated with spamming and debt collection services.
This practice reflects the practical and perhaps malleable nature of Judaic law.
This precipitation step is used in some schemes to recover silver from solution.
This process is also commonly referred to as distribution requirements planning.
This process is one of the incidents of the larger movement towards outsourcing.
This process is valuable for any foam product that needs to have lots of detail.
This production was directed by Lonny Price and choreographed by Casey Nicholaw.
This program was carried out following the success of The Race around the world.
This program was produced by Central Independent Television for the ITV network.
This project is built at the site of former Kampung Haji Abdullah Hukum village.
This protease is important in SARS coronavirus replicase polyprotein processing.
This protein may be involved in the tropism and binding of pathogenic organisms.
This protest was not the first of its kind that occurred in the Yunnan province.
This quasar shows variations of factors of four or more on a timescale of hours.
This region is threatened due to mining and deforestation occurring in the area.
This resource houses computer programs which have been described in the journal.
This resulted in his suspension from military duties at the end of World War II.
This resulted in Hottwil transferring from the Brugg to the Laufenburg district.
This resulted in two bankruptcy filings that ultimately put an end to the chain.
This results in cells which contain multiple copies of complete chromosome sets.
This riding was created from parts of Middlesex East and Middlesex West ridings.
This ring type of fibula has been described akin to a "large modern safety pin".
This road contains the Bhutan Textile Museum and the National Library of Bhutan.
This ruling was subsequently upheld on appeal to the Federal Court of Australia.
This sacred place is now known as Cheyyar but was previously called Thiruvothur.
This school has internships to help the students explore their fields of choice.
This science was still new in school curricula and its teaching was problematic.
This sealing process takes place after the container has been filled and capped.
This second release is probably the best of the three Supremes/Four Tops albums.
This sect attached least importance to the position/status of person in society.
This sedge is sometimes used as a grass substitute in local landscaping schemes.
This sedge produces dense clumps of stems approaching a meter in maximum height.
This series focused more on romance and problems facing teens than on mysteries.
This series is a reboot of Shrimaan Shrimati which was broadcast on DD National.
This series was developed by Myleene Aga Williams and Canadian production house.
This serves as a source of water for irrigation purpose for the nearby villages.
This service is the only express train service originating from Ujjain Junction.
This sheet is used to write down any deficiency found during the PMCS procedure.
This significantly reduces problems with the interchange of data between groups.
This sign is a yellow arch in which blue letters spell out the name of the city.
This site consists of the coastral strip in the northern part of Whitecliff Bay.
This skulking passerine is typically found in dense thickets usually near water.
This small town serves as a link between the city and Moi International Airport.
This song is also featured as downloadable content for the video game Rock Band.
This song was also perform at Tokyo Dome as a leading track for Last Tour Final.
This song was also used as the third opening theme for Kidou Senshi Gundam Seed.
This stack of side drawers holds up the back of the desk and most of its weight.
This stage group assists with the choice of treatment and estimate of prognosis.
This station was built for the purpose of disseminating war related information.
This strange coincidence was the beginning of the theory of monstrous moonshine.
This structure was moved to help guard the town and military post of Fort Scott.
This subfamily are mainly woodland birds with long tails and high visual acuity.
This submarine canyon is the deepest and is tied for widest canyon in the ocean.
This success culminated in tours of the UK where they performed live in concert.
This superior ownership is the basis for taking the land through eminent domain.
This system breaks down when two computers attempt to transmit at the same time.
This system makes use of splitting memory into halves to try to give a best fit.
This table shows an overview of the beschermd erfgoed in the Walloon town Awans.
This table was thus compiled by adding up single entries from the PASO database.
This taxon is sometimes considered to be a variety of Cephalotaxus harringtonii.
This technique of dividing images into bands can be extended beyond the visible.
This tells the timekeeper to stop his clock and stop counting down playing time.
This test is an allergic hypersensitivity test used as a diagnosis for glanders.
This test produces a set of pressure excitation/response data of the subsurface.
This theme repeats itself in the dilemmas faced by the other women in the novel.
This then appeared on his passport and his registration with the Premier League.
This Time Next Year is the second full length by Long Island band The Movielife.
Thistlethwaite took over editor and publisher duties on his return from the war.
This tree has usually a single trunk with branches that ascend and then descend.
This type of coated paper is most used in the food and drink packaging industry.
This type of malignant cancer is seen most commonly in children and adolescents.
This type of multithreading processing classifies the HEP as a barrel processor.
This type of scaffold is generally used where unlimited versatility is required.
This type of transmission is seen in other parasites like viruses or Rickettsia.
This use of the word moved into the more contemporary Ska Punk movement as well.
This vast contrast in biomes makes Texas home to a wide variety of herpetofauna.
This VDC was home place of famous Nepali actor and comedian Hari Bansha Acharya.
This version is also seen and referred to as their fourth official studio album.
This version was also later released for Microsoft Windows exclusively in Japan.
This version was also recorded by John Tams who played Dan Hagman in the series.
This village is connected by pucca road and nearest railway station is Khutauna.
This village is the administrative office of the Shawanaga First Nation reserve.
This Virus number is now absent from listings of Alternative Tentacles releases.
This volume explores obscuro garage rock and psychedelic rock bands from Brazil.
This volume explores obscuro garage rock and psychedelic rock bands from Mexico.
This vulnerability led to mrxvt being removed from the OpenBSD ports collection.
This was a Billboard magazine breakthrough release upon the Gospel Albums chart.
This was a continuation of the series that had starred Lew Ayres as Dr. Kildare.
This was also the first time a husband and a wife won the two top acting awards.
This was a marked departure from the collaborative nature of their earlier work.
This was a numbered limited edition mastered by Steve Hoffman and Stephen Marsh.
This was a real possibility owing to the crude methods of execution at the time.
This was a reflective piece focusing on childhood memory and gender fluctuation.
This was assigned for the education and training of apprentices and technicians.
This was a time of debate between the proponents of Individualism and Socialism.
This was a tradition that was carried on for four to five centuries by the Hopi.
This was considered an impressive feat for an album released as a free download.
This was declined on the basis that publication would be in the public interest.
This was despite a much hyped performance on the Late Show with David Letterman.
This was done to encourage more professional users to purchase the full product.
This wash drawing is the earliest known view of Calderwood and of East Kilbride.
This was her first WTA Tour title of the season and third overall of her career.
This was innovative at the time as performance cars mainly had manual gearboxes.
This was motivated by the lengthy federal studies required for a larger project.
This was on the basis of a policy to avoid private accommodation on public land.
This was perhaps the first example of a keyboard designed for the home musician.
This was primarily because the available Japanese footage was quickly exhausted.
This was ranked as one of the deadliest civil disturbances in the United States.
This was the eighth of nine nominations received by the Donald Duck film series.
This was the final album that featured all of the members of Los Bukis together.
This was the first bridge in India directly linking a metro station with a mall.
This was the first of three seasons of The Real World to be filmed in Las Vegas.
This was the first time a venue has hosted the event in three consecutive years.
This was the first time that the County of Durham was represented in parliament.
This was the first time the biathlon relay was contested in the Olympic program.
This was the first Winter Asiad that included the sport in the official program.
This was their second championship title overall and their second in succession.
This was the last royal dukedom to be created with two territorial designations.
This was the ninth general election in the history of the Northwest Territories.
This was the only Death in Vegas album to feature original member Steve Hellier.
This was the seventeenth competition and was won for the eighth time by England.
This was the seventh budget Michael Cullen has presented as Minister of Finance.
This was the third time Ross was elected to a political office to succeed Brown.
This witness helped the police draw a composite sketch of the suspicious person.
This woodland complex is situated on a ridge of land overlooking West Sedgemoor.
This work illustrates the Madonna with a young Jesus accompanied by five angels.
This works to stop taxpayers subsidizing hobbies from their investment earnings.
This would also mark the last film in which the actor Erford Gage would perform.
This year the General Treaty on Central America Economic Integration was signed.
This year was the first season that the team failed to qualify for the playoffs.
Thomas Clare was an English medieval Benedictine monk and university Chancellor.
Thomas Hyland is a well known card counter at the casino card game of blackjack.
Thomas is one of the most cited authors in the field of heterogeneous catalysis.
Thomas is the founder of Graphic Glass Studios Inc. and the Pine Street Station.
Thomas Mickler had a camera store in Orlando where the two met and fell in love.
Thomas Sauvin is a French photography collector and editor who lives in Beijing.
Thompson graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree at the University of Adelaide.
Thompson has subsequently changed political allegiance on a number of occasions.
Thoracophorus is a genus of unmargined rove beetles in the family Staphylinidae.
Thornley also does official scoring for Minnesota Timberwolves basketball games.
Thorn Ogres of Hagwood is the first book in the Hagwood trilogy by Robin Jarvis.
Thorp had surgery to remove a bone fragment and have a pin inserted in his foot.
Those early ancestors however lacked the internal ovipositors of modern roaches.
Those employees who protested against strip search were threatened with sacking.
Those in charge of discarding computers usually neglect to erase the hard drive.
Those limits differ by sport and the division in which that school participates.
Those reactions are catalyzed by a group of enzymes called glycosyltransferases.
Those who purchased the album digitally were given a code to download the album.
Those who supported the Remonstrance are known as Remonstrants of Remonstraters.
Those with few symptoms and no worrisome features can often be closely followed.
Those with the designation MRICS or FRICS are also known as chartered surveyors.
Thousands of fruits and flowers are grown and may also be bought at the nursery.
Thousands of people were displaced from their homes as a result of the conflict.
Three huge cotton mills and their associated mill ponds still dominate the Vale.
Three other passengers sustained minor injuries during the emergency evacuation.
Three songs from the album Somnium were used in the TV series "La Femme Nikita".
Three story College building is nearing completion with all faculties coming up.
Three tram lines of the Dresdner Verkehrsbetriebe pass over the Augustus Bridge.
Thriperumthura is a village in Alappuzha district in the Indian state of Kerala.
Through de Balliol they also have a connection to the old Saxon line in England.
Throughout his career he has been able to play various and versatile characters.
Throughout his career he won two Leinster medals and one Tommy Murphy Cup medal.
Throughout his career Lennon made just one championship appearance for Kilkenny.
Throughout his scholarly career he also maintained a practice as a psychiatrist.
Throughout its existence the federation was led by general secretary Jim Wilson.
Throughout its history it was in multiple locations in South Tarawa and Abemama.
Throughout their career the band has blended folklore music with metal elements.
Through the Country is the debut album released by country rap artist Colt Ford.
Through the course of its life it has had many different occupants and purposes.
Through their Facebook page they announced that they no longer playing together.
Through the Storm is the twelfth studio album by American heavy metal band Riot.
Throwing axes are becoming popular among outdoor enthusiasts as a throwing tool.
Thrust is the name of several fictional characters from the Transformers series.
Thurn is a municipality in the district of Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.
Thus a domain wall is extended in two spatial dimensions and one time dimension.
Thus there was only a maximum of eight schooners on active duty at any one time.
Thus the US Navy decided against any further procurement of ships of this class.
Thus was a Scottish telecommunications provider operating in the United Kingdom.
Thus water can be transferred directly to Prakasam barrage pond via Eluru canal.
Thymidine phosphorylase is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the TYMP gene.
Tidal predictions are usually made by the Bureau of Meteorology of that country.
Tikkabilla presenter Simon Davies also presented Play School in its later years.
Tilden is a city in Antelope and Madison Counties in the U.S. state of Nebraska.
Tiles represent the forces of nature and of man and create a changing landscape.
Tilting at windmills is an English idiom that means attacking imaginary enemies.
Timeless is an American television series created by Eric Kripke and Shawn Ryan.
Time of Our Lives is a television program hosted by Jeff Stelling on Sky Sports.
Tim was dying at the time from diabetes and it had taken a terrible toll on him.
Tina Korhonen is a Finnish born music photographer based in the United Kingdom .
Tingo de Ponasa District is one of ten districts of the province Picota in Peru.
Tinodon is an extinct genus of Late Jurassic mammal from the Morrison Formation.
Tintern railway station served the village of Tintern on the Wye Valley Railway.
Tinyatoxin has a potential for pharmaceutical uses similar to uses of capsaicin.
Tiptree Parish Field is the eastern half of the larger Park Lane Nature Reserve.
Tirumalamba wrote a number of poems invoking Kannadaness and the Kannada nation.
Tirumangalam is a state assembly constituency in Madurai district in Tamil Nadu.
Tiruppur taluk is a taluk of Tirupur district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Tiruttani is a state assembly constituency in Tiruvallur district in Tamil Nadu.
Titus is an Indian actress who has worked in the Tamil and Telugu film industry.
T. K. Kala is an Indian playback singer who sings in Tamil and Telugu languages.
TKMM College or T.K.Madhava Memorial College is a college in Alappuzha district.
TMS has been supplying SSD products to the market longer than any other company.
Tobacco smoking in the Philippines affects a sizable minority of the population.
Tobin is currently weather presenter on Weekend Sunrise and reporter on Sunrise.
To date it has screened at over fourteen international and Australian festivals.
To date it is the only World Championship rallycross event ever held in Finland.
Today Cooper Chemical Company is still in bulk specialty chemical manufacturing.
Today is one of the most important universities of Minas Gerais and also Brazil.
Today it is a community school administered by East Riding of Yorkshire Council.
Today it is a hotel and spa and caters for special events particularly weddings.
Today it is available in over a hundred cities in all states across the country.
Today it serves as a venue for concerts of the music festival Bachwoche Ansbach.
Today its main importance is as the Utah entrance to Dinosaur National Monument.
Today Looser is active as a member of the board of the Hubert Looser Foundation.
Today mail for the Tollgate community is routed through a post office in Weston.
Today people from across the country can recall Omaha in their family histories.
Today the area features an historical park and a range of restaurants and shops.
Today the region is part of the Dagestan Republic within the Russian Federation.
Today the term refers in particular to the area directly in front of the church.
Todd Griffin is an American musician and a former member of The Graveyard Train.
To discipline means to instruct a person to follow a particular code of conduct.
To do this it amended both the Constitution of California and ordinary statutes.
Together is a collaborative album by English singers Michael Ball and Alfie Boe.
Together these make up the majority of the St Leonards and St Ives civil parish.
Together with his brother Raffaello they were known as the Brescianini of Siena.
Together with Sprotbrough it forms the civil parish of Sprotbrough and Cusworth.
Together with the Korea Open it is the longest running event on the Korean Tour.
To Hell with God is the tenth studio album by American death metal band Deicide.
To its west lies the Vale of Eden and to its north is the Northumberland Trough.
Tolleshunt Knights is a village and civil parish in the English county of Essex.
Tom actively maintains a gaming and movie blog on his web site Quarter to Three.
To Me is a studio album released by Christian singer and songwriter Geoff Moore.
Tommy Ahlers was appointed minister for Higher Education and Science in Denmark.
Tommy is a soundtrack album by The Who with contributions from numerous artists.
Tomorrow is usually considered just beyond the present and counter to yesterday.
Tonga was the first Pacific Island country to establish relations with the USSR.
Tongod District is one of thirteen districts of the province San Miguel in Peru.
Tools and fluids are moved within the marine riser as required to/from the well.
Too Short is credited as being one of the pioneer rappers of West Coast hip hop.
To preserve the Irish culture and to promote the contributions of our ancestors.
Torres is a city on the coast of south Brazil in the state of Rio Grande do Sul.
Torrey became an activist after she was misdiagnosed with a rare form of cancer.
Torun Dewan is professor of political science at the London School of Economics.
Total Swimming also runs swimming academies and holds events for swimming clubs.
To the Grave is the fifth studio album of the Danish heavy metal band Iron Fire.
To the north Bellerive is bordered by the small foothills of Waverly Flora Park.
To the north is the stretch of railway track that carries the North London Line.
To the Pain is the fourth album released by the alternative metal band Nonpoint.
To these the extent of death is directly proportional to their personal welfare.
To the southwest in Chile lies the geologically equivalent La Cascada Formation.
Toupane also represents the senior French national team in international events.
Tourism in Punjab is regulated by the Tourism Development Corporation of Punjab.
Tour membership is open to professional women golfers and to qualified amateurs.
Toutainville is a commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France.
Tower Hill is located within the central business district in downtown Freetown.
Towers is a Christian and is regularly seen attending Hillsong Church in London.
Township is a civil township of St. Joseph County in the U.S. state of Michigan.
Town Team Baseball is a variety of amateur baseball played in the United States.
TPE is the parent compound of a group of nonsteroidal estrogen receptor ligands.
Traces of the enclosed mound and inner and outer moats are all that now survive.
Trachynautilus from the middle and Upper Triassic of Europe has a smooth venter.
Tracked data helps users keep track of time spent on various projects and tasks.
Tracts with multiple verses are some of the longest chants in the Liber Usualis.
Tradescantia longipes can be grown as an ornamental plant for its showy flowers.
Trades Council is an association of trade union branches in Glasgow in Scotland.
Traditional and new creation kites are constructed from bamboo and cotton cloth.
Traffic analysis tasks may be supported by dedicated computer software programs.
Trails and resting points in the district were also used for religious purposes.
Trampling causes the rocky substrate to become unstable and may crush seedlings.
Trance is a series of mixed trance compilation albums released by Ultra Records.
Tran Hieu Ngan became the first Vietnamese Olympic medalist in this competition.
TransAdelaide continued to operate rail services under the Adelaide Metro brand.
Trans Canada Highway is an EP by Scottish electronic music duo Boards of Canada.
Transcription factor EB is a protein that in humans is encoded by the TFEB gene.
Transcription factor EC is a protein that in humans is encoded by the TFEC gene.
Transformative justice is concerned with root causes and comprehensive outcomes.
Transgender issues manifest at different times in life in different individuals.
Transitional living refers to any type of living situation that is transitional.
Translated from German the name means "Broad Stone" due to its large rock faces.
Translations from the German original into English are considered for the prize.
Translocation of the protein from the nucleus to mitochondria induces apoptosis.
Transporation and improving workplaces were two early goals of the organization.
Transport in Bedford provides links between the town and other parts of England.
Transport Regiment was a regiment of the Territorial Army in the United Kingdom.
Transverse aeolian ridges are thought to be very ancient and currently inactive.
Travancore Federal Bank Limited functioned at Nedumpuram under his chairmanship.
Travel Extra is a monthly newspaper dedicated to the Travel industry in Ireland.
Travers is the granddaughter of fellow actors Virginia McKenna and Bill Travers.
Treatment is done by identifying the cause of the disease and treating the same.
Trematocranus is a small genus of haplochromine cichlids endemic to Lake Malawi.
Trematosauridae are a family of large temnospondyl amphibians with many members.
Trendy art gallery owner and serial dater Princess is played by Renate Stuurman.
Trevalga is mentioned in the song Black and Gold along with other places nearby.
Triandomelaena is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
Triathalassothia is a genus of toadfishes found in the southwest Atlantic Ocean.
Tribal Voice is also the name of the official newsletter of Redskins Touch Club.
Trichinosis is a parasitic disease caused by roundworms of the Trichinella type.
Trichosphaerocera is a genus of flies belonging to the family Lesser Dung flies.
Trifluoroacetic anhydride is the recommended desiccant for trifluoroacetic acid.
Triglyceride lipases are lipases that hydrolyse ester linkages of triglycerides.
Trigonochorium is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.
Tritter turns people close to House against him and forces House to go to rehab.
Trivial Pursuit is a game show loosely based on the board game of the same name.
Troctopsocidae is a family of Psocoptera belonging to the suborder Troctomorpha.
Trogen is a municipality in the canton of Appenzell Ausserrhoden in Switzerland.
Tropical cyclogenesis describes the process of development of tropical cyclones.
Trotter composed the theme music to the television show Everybody Loves Raymond.
Trowse station opened with the line and was situated west of Hethersett station.
Trueman moved into television after working as a reporter for the Montreal Star.
Truman served in this position in effect as county commissioner for eight years.
Truth is the fourth album released by the Azeri jazz artist Aziza Mustafa Zadeh.
TSN later recognized the mistake and made the draft viewable to everyone online.
Tsur completed his three academic degrees at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.
Tucker has also written a number of sketches for CBBC series Horrible Histories.
Tukmeerpur is a census town in North East district in the Indian state of Delhi.
Tulsi Ram is a former speaker of Himachal Pradesh Legislative Assembly in India.
Tummapudi is a village in Guntur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Tunnels and bridges are an important part of the Faroese transportation network.
Tunstall is a suburb of Sunderland which is mostly a privately purchased estate.
Tupur was a popular Bengali television serial which used to air on Star Jalsha..
Turner painted this as a tribute to Dutch Golden Age painter Jacob van Ruisdael.
Tustumena Lake acted as a natural barrier keeping the fire from spreading south.
Tuxedo has been represented by Progressive Conservative MLAs since its creation.
Tux is a penguin character and the official brand character of the Linux kernel.
TV is a private television station in Germany deticated to softcore pornography.
Twain held views similar to that of the Old Man prior to writing "What is Man?".
Tweaked was originally conceived to be half of a Japanese released double album.
Twelve of the municipalities of Misamis Oriental share a coastline with the bay.
Twilight Cinema is the third studio album of the Norwegian band Major Parkinson.
Twin City derived from the fact that Winston and Salem began as separate cities.
Two branches of the motorway have been extended from Kusmishera through Sarkuwa.
Two Carriage Horses is a watercolor painting by Shaikh Muhammad Amir of Karraya.
Two civilian ships engaged two vessels under Confederate States Navy employment.
Two clinical studies of autism patients who followed this diet found no benefit.
Two corps of the Union Army were called VII Corps during the American Civil War.
Two creation stories are found in the first two chapters of the Book of Genesis.
Two have made significant appearances and other are minor characters or aliases.
Two isoforms of this protein are derived from alternatively spliced transcripts.
Twomey Cellars is owned and operated by the Duncan Family of Silver Oak Cellars.
Two months later the requirement for a HAWK with a nuclear warhead was canceled.
Two of its aircraft were painted in Salzburg Spirit and Slovenian Spirit livery.
Two of their albums are available through the iTunes Store United States and EU.
Two of the most famous musicians of Libya are Ahmed Fakroun and Mohammed Hassan.
Two of them were actually living on the streets prior to starting their mission.
Two other members Apurva Asrani and Gyan Correa quit the jury the following day.
Two Representatives in Virginia were elected under the Conservative Party label.
Two staircases provide access to the porch at the entrance of the temple itself.
Two versions of the film were made with each version having a different casting.
Two world wars led to the creation of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
Two years later it was expanded to include the work of all high school students.
Two Zero One Seven is a mixtape by American hip hop recording artist Chief Keef.
Tyagarah is a locality located in the Northern Rivers Region of New South Wales.
Tycoon DS is the Nintendo DS version of the business simulation game Zoo Tycoon.
Tylenchorhynchus phaseoli is a plant pathogenic nematode infecting pearl millet.
Tylenchorhynchus vulgaris is a plant pathogenic nematode infecting pearl millet.
Tyler put forward five men for Supreme Court confirmation a total of nine times.
Tyloxapol is a nonionic liquid polymer of the alkyl aryl polyether alcohol type.
Tynan and Caledon railway station was on the Ulster Railway in Northern Ireland.
Typhlochactidae is a family of troglomorphic scorpions native to eastern Mexico.
Typhlodromus is a genus of predatory mites belonging to the family Phytoseiidae.
Typically a computer booking system consists of both server and client software.
Typically antibiotics include a combination of gentamicin and a fluoroquinolone.
Typically logrolling into a supine position is used for transport of a casualty.
Typically the front half of Uda sheep is brown or black and the back half white.
Typically the van is used by the collective to aid existing political movements.
Ua Cadhla commanded a contingent of the Conmaice Mara at the Battle of Clontarf.
Uauaris River is a river which runs within the Roraima state in northern Brazil.
Ubexy is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Ubiquitous and perpetual fixations with water occur across religious traditions.
UDCA is a regular participant in all domestic tournaments conducted by the MPCA.
Ukerewe District is one of the seven districts of the Mwanza Region of Tanzania.
Uliyampalayam is a neighborhood in Coimbatore in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Ultimate Collection is a greatest hits album by American folk singer Paul Simon.
Ultramarine was the finest and most expensive blue used by Renaissance painters.
Ultrasuede Studios is located in the Cincinnati neighborhood of Camp Washington.
Ulwazi FM is a South African community radio station based in the Northern Cape.
UMA delivers programs to both recent high school graduates and returning adults.
Umm Tais National Park is on an uninhabited island on the northern tip of Qatar.
UMTV specializes in producing compilation albums and occasional single releases.
Unconventional computing is computing by a wide range of new or unusual methods.
Undercover Coach is a British television short show airing on Disney Channel UK.
Undercover Stings is an American reality documentary television series on Spike.
Underground Atlanta is a hip hop compilation album performed by various artists.
Unguturu is a village in Krishna district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Unicorn is the third album released by the Norwegian electronica project Ugress.
Union County is a county located in the southern part of the U.S. state of Iowa.
Union of Albanian Women was an important mass organization in socialist Albania.
Union Theological Seminary is the oldest Protestant seminary in the Philippines.
United Grinding North America is a supplier of machines for precision machining.
United States Senators are elected in Indiana to serve in Class I and Class III.
Universal D is a record label division under the Universal Music Group in Japan.
Universal Protection Service is a private security company in the United States.
University of Delhi has also launched Certificate Courses in Travel and Tourism.
University of Iranians is the name of the proposed technical university in Iran.
University of Kabianga is located in Kabianga Division in Kericho West District.
University Press of America is an academic publisher based in the United States.
Unlike her previous releases this EP is almost exclusively Lindi and her guitar.
Unlike other major wrestling events only one bronze medal was awarded per event.
Unpredictable weather and enormous shipping problems caused the project to fail.
Unshelved is a daily comic strip most notable for being set in a public library.
UNSW business school leads in research and rankings of its educational programs.
Unwanted mingling of flocks or herds can deprive a farmer of significant income.
Up in the Attic is the fourth studio album by American rock band Alien Ant Farm.
Uplands returns four councilors to the local City and County of Swansea Council.
Upon deprotection and modification substantial property changes can be achieved.
Upon entering Marshal Carson demanded that the cowboys relinquish their weapons.
Up on one of the roads of Holberg is a small school called San Josef Elementary.
Upon release Skyzoo described it as autobiographical and his most personal work.
Upon release the game was a commercial success and received praise from critics.
Upon returning to India he was signed up to play for the Air India cricket team.
Uppalapati has garnered five Filmfare Awards South and three state Nandi Awards.
Upper Mount Bethel Township is located in the Lehigh Valley region of the state.
Uranium mining in Namibia is of considerable importance to the national economy.
Urban Indians are Native Americans in the United States who live in urban areas.
Urmetazoan is the name for the hypothetical last common ancestor of all animals.
Urs is an Indian film editor who works predominantly in the South Indian cinema.
Uruan is a village in Uruan local government area of Akwa Ibom state in Nigeria.
Uru".The Famous Freedom fighter Muhammed Abdurahiman is died near by kodiyathur.
USA Today often bases stories on information first published in Beverage Digest.
U.S. authorization falls under the oversight of the Federal Maritime Commission.
Use is not recommended during breastfeeding or the third trimester of pregnancy.
Use of Adeos also frees RTAI from patent restrictions caused by RTLinux project.
Use of modern composite techniques has resulted in a strong yet light structure.
User agents vary in the fidelity with which they represent the specified colors.
Users are able to create and add custom tools or plugins using any JVM language.
Users can print or export maps for presentations and export tabular information.
Users can remotely control connected home systems whether they are home or away.
Users can top up their credit at any time using a variety of payment mechanisms.
Users enter a casino lobby and can play at any table or join friends for a game.
Users follow other users to discover music and discuss the music they listen to.
Usha Kiron was credited earlier in film credits than Kishore Kumar in this film.
Using hydraulics to power the loader linkages increased the power of the loader.
USN is a fictional character in the JAG TV series played by Patrick Labyorteaux.
USS Kate was a steamer acquired by the Union Navy during the American Civil War.
USS McKee was one of the first ships in the US Navy to integrate female sailors.
USS Monocacy was a shallow draft gunboat built for service on the Yangtze River.
USS Vixen was a schooner in the United States Navy during the First Barbary War.
Usually all the seats in a box are taken by members of a single group of people.
Usually the application of clay boards is completed with clay finishing plaster.
Usually the event is organized during the third week of November on the weekend.
Uticyacu District is one of eleven districts of the province Santa Cruz in Peru.
UTM offers a flexible framework to help students reach their desired objectives.
UT Productions Ltd is the name of the company of which Sutherland is a director.
Uttam Nagar mainly consists of several sub towns which are completely urbanized.
UVIS also contains a Pandemic Flu module to prepare against such an eventuality.
UXO are a key factor in the poverty and stifling the development of the country.
Vaccinating dogs is very effective in preventing the spread of rabies to humans.
Vadakkumbhagom is a village in Ernakulam district in the Indian state of Kerala.
Vadlamudi is a village in Guntur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Valangiman is a state assembly constituency in Thanjavur district of Tamil Nadu.
Valence House Museum is the only surviving of the five manor houses of Dagenham.
Valerius Maximus observes that she departed with a chief ornament of her beauty.
Validity evidence based on nomological validity is a form of construct validity.
Vallavarayan is an Indian romantic comedy film written and directed by Rajmohan.
Vanderbijlpark Regiment was a light infantry regiment of the South African Army.
Vanderbilt quarterback Jay Cutler was voted AP SEC Offensive Player of the Year.
Vandiyur is a census town in Madurai district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Vani hosted shows such as Maa Talkies and Heart Beat with her husband on MAA TV.
Van Keuren was president of the board of Appointment and Taxation of Bridgeport.
Vanur taluk is a taluk of Viluppuram district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Van Vuuren was placed in quarantine in a Sydney hospital twice for tuberculosis.
Varacalli has used as many as nine different aliases during his criminal career.
Vardanyan was the flag bearer on each occasion when she attended a Summer Games.
Varese Sarabande releases both classic RKO albums and new audio and video works.
Variants include version supporting magnetic stripe reader or smart card reader.
Variation in wall structure results in thick walls appearing optically granular.
Variations include ingredients such as smoked or seared salmon and cream cheese.
Variations on this model are noted below and discussed in the article Continent.
Variety called the show a "one man riot" and declared Wayne "a new Will Rogers".
Various cellular responses are regulated by the second messengers cAMP and cGMP.
Various characters originate from fictional planets shown throughout the series.
Various classical dance events are held annually across India in various cities.
Various commentators on Indian music have mentioned different numbers of gamaks.
Various contributions were made for further development of the cultural tourism.
Various effects can be achieved by moving both the puppets and the light source.
Various fictional societies are depicted in the Culture series of Iain M. Banks.
Various mutations in the MET gene are associated with papillary renal carcinoma.
Various petty criminals were bound to the column as a form of public punishment.
Various regional governments in the United States offer drug recycling programs.
Various surface treatments are available to minimize these thrombogenic effects.
Various types of HDFN are classified by which alloantigen provokes the response.
Varsha Eknath Gaikwad is an Indian politician from the Indian National Congress.
Varsity Football is a South African university association football competition.
Vartak is an Indian surname typically found in the western state of Maharashtra.
Vartiovuori observatory is the former observatory of the Royal Academy of Turku.
Vasa nervorum are small arteries that provide blood supply to peripheral nerves.
Vasantrao Gite is an Indian politician and member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
Vasavan was a member of the Kerala Legislature for the constituency of Kottayam.
Vasse is an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in Western Australia.
Vasudhendra is an Indian author in Kannada language known for his short stories.
Vasu Vihara or Vasu Vihar is one of the famous archeological site in Bangladesh.
Vatsavai is a village in Krishna district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Vaughn has also been a member of the Philadelphia Eagles and Indianapolis Colts.
Vazquez is a Democratic ward leader and Philadelphia Parking Authority employee.
V. D. Rajagopal was an accused of corruption related to illegal mining in India.
Vedashree Oke is an Indian actress and playback singer in Marathi film industry.
Veldurthy is a village in Guntur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Velesunio is a genus of medium to large sized Mussels in the family of Hyriidae.
Velikiy Knyaz Konstantin was the first historical vessel in this new ship class.
Velille District is one of eight districts of the province Chumbivilcas in Peru.
Velvet City is the second studio album by American rap supergroup Latino Velvet.
Veneer is known to fetishize the materials and processes involved in each issue.
Vengeance EP is the third overall solo album from Young Wicked and his first EP.
Venkatagiri is a town in Nellore district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Vennello Aadapilla revolves around a chess player and a telephonic conversation.
Venom is a fictional character that appears in the Marvel G.I. Joe comic series.
Ventura County is a county in the southern part of the U.S. state of California.
Verdant Power is a maker and installer of tidal power and hydroelectric systems.
Verhoevens oeuvre mainly consists of compositions for organ and religious music.
Vermont wine refers to wine made from grapes grown in the U.S. state of Vermont.
Verney is the name of an English family that traces back around eight centuries.
Verona is a village in Montgomery and Preble counties in the U.S. state of Ohio.
Verrucariales is an order of ascomycetous fungi within the class Eurotiomycetes.
Vestergrenopsis is a lichenized genus of fungi within the Placynthiaceae family.
VEU Feldkirch of Austria won the championship by defeating CE Wien in the final.
Viasat Sport is a group of sports channels broadcasting from the United Kingdom.
Viasat Ukraine is a Ukrainian direct broadcast satellite television distributor.
Vicentini is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina.
Vice President of Cyprus is the second highest political position in the Cyprus.
Vices and Virtues is the second studio album by Canadian rock band Art of Dying.
Vicky Donor opened to critical acclaim and performed strongly at the box office.
Victor Aramoana is a New Zealand rugby league player who represented Wellington.
Victoria Unirea Dej is a Romanian oina team in the National Senior Championship.
Victor is also currently working with Glenn Danzig on his upcoming Danzig album.
Videotape is magnetic tape used for storing video and usually sound in addition.
Vid Silverforsens strand is a song written by Yngve Johansson and Britt Nilsson.
Viewers sympathized with Charlie and saw a "beautiful element" in the portrayal.
Viewers went on Twitter to select the celebrity they think did best in the task.
Vi is a distinct business entity from Hyatt hotels and Global Hyatt Corporation.
Vijayapuri is a census town in Erode district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Vijay is an Indian actor and playback singer who works primarily in Tamil films.
Village groups include a Brownie club and the WI which meet in the Village Hall.
Villagers assemble here for Important discussions in the name of Panchayat meet.
Villages which practiced warichi periodically reassigned lands to local farmers.
Villa Manifesto is the sixth studio album by Detroit hip hop group Slum Village.
Villanueva was the first Filipino American elected to Virginia state government.
Villenbach is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria in Germany.
Vinayakan is an Indian film actor who predominantly appears in Malayalam cinema.
Vincent N. Schiraldi is an American juvenile justice policy reformer and expert.
Vinduja Menon is a former Indian actress known for her work in Malayalam cinema.
Vinjamur is a Village in Nellore district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Vintage clothing is a generic term for garments originating from a previous era.
Vinyl LPs of the original Absolute A Go Go release are still known to circulate.
VIPS is a restaurant chain in South Korea owned by the CJ Foodville of CJ Group.
Virginia furniture is furniture that originates from the U.S. state of Virginia.
Virginia lay at anchor at Baltimore for two months repairing and reprovisioning.
Virgo Server for Apache Tomcat is the primary distribution for OSGi development.
Visakhapatnam is the largest city of the region in terms of population and area.
Visakhapatnam Urban Development Authority administrative office is located here.
VISCII is a character encoding for using the Vietnamese language with computers.
Visconde do Rio Branco is a Brazilian municipality in the state of Minas Gerais.
Viscount Downe is a title that has been created twice in the Peerage of Ireland.
Viscusi is a frequent keynote speaker and adviser to Boards on workplace issues.
Vishnevsky liniment was broadly used in the Soviet army during the World War II.
Visible minorities have become highly concentrated in Vancouver and its suburbs.
Visitors can utilize the main circulation path constructed alongside the valley.
Visitors of Israeli origin are not allowed to enter via Allenby Border Crossing.
Vista has received criticism for issues with performance and product activation.
Visual and sound effects are used to make their distress palpable to the viewer.
Vitrified tiles are often used outdoors due to their water and frost resistance.
Vivarium is the debut album by the Scottish alternative rock band Twin Atlantic.
Vlax Romani varieties are spoken mainly in Southeastern Europe by Romani people.
Vogtareuth is a municipality in the district of Rosenheim in Bavaria in Germany.
Voiscreville is a commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France.
Volleybalclub Nesselande is a Dutch professional volleyball club in Zevenhuizen.
Volpone is the current CEO of Big Block Capital Group and Big Block Media Group.
Von den Elben is the seventh studio album by the German medieval folk band Faun.
Von Swine is the pseudonym of an American pornographic movie director and actor.
"Vorkreist" is a barbarism created by the band that supposedly means Antichrist.
Voters must rank every candidate on the ballot in order for their vote to count.
Vreeswijk is a former village and municipality in the Dutch province of Utrecht.
Vui Florence Tuaumu Saulo is a businesswoman and politician from American Samoa.
Vulvar neoplasms are divided into cystic or solid lesions and other mixed types.
VVCap was a screenshot program that operated under the Windows operating system.
Vyatta vRouter techonolgy is still used by several actors on the vRouter market.
Waasland is a bicycle road race held annually in the Belgian region of Waasland.
WABN is owned and operated by Appalachian Educational Communication Corporation.
Wachholtz won Super Bowl XXXI with the Packers against the New England Patriots.
Wadhams advocates for the use of climate engineering to mitigate climate change.
Wafer size is the largest wafer size that the facility is capable of processing.
Wagon Creek received its name from an old wagon which was left along its course.
Waiting for the Roar is the third album by the British heavy metal band Fastway.
Wake is an opera with music by Giorgio Battistelli to a libretto by Sarah Woods.
Walker lives in New York City and has taught extensively at Columbia University.
Walker was later invited to perform the song with her live at the Grammy awards.
Wall was taken in the seventh round of the NFL draft by the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Walvis Bay Rural constituency is a constituency in the Erongo Region of Namibia.
Wang Lin completely from playing for almost six months after her knee operation.
Wankaner is a city and a municipality in Morbi district in the State of Gujarat.
Wankidi is a village in Adilabad district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
WAPE is licensed for HD Radio operations but currently has no secondary channel.
Ward also served on the Psychology faculty at the Claremont Graduate University.
Ward asked Livingston to appear on his show several years after he last saw her.
Wardle holds the Bruce C. Hafen Professorship at the J. Reuben Clark Law School.
Warfarin is a teratogen which can cross from the mother to the developing fetus.
WarpOS and MorphOS are included and integrated into the development environment.
Warriors of Rock represents the final game developed by RedOctane and Neversoft.
War Within is the fourth studio album by American heavy metal band Shadows Fall.
Was a member of the Colts Super Bowl XLI team in its win over the Chicago Bears.
Washing the wound with soap and water and holding the limb still is recommended.
Washingtonville Central School District is a public school district in New York.
Washington was that time the Territorial Capital of the old Southwest territory.
Waste comes in many different forms and may be categorized in a variety of ways.
Wasters i.e. pottery misfires have been found for all three wares in Birmingham.
Water from the pond is used in the irrigation system of Khoo Teck Puat Hospital.
Water had to be run at a trickle in order to heat up to a desirable temperature.
Water monitors are one of the most common monitor lizards found throughout Asia.
Water supply and sanitation in Morocco is provided by a wide array of utilities.
Watta Job is a Philippine television infotainment show broadcast by GMA Network.
Waxy potato starch derivatives are used in textile sizing and food applications.
Wayne has a long history of automotive and transportation related manufacturing.
Wayne is named for Mad Anthony Wayne a United States Army general and statesman.
Wayne Township is a civil township of Cass County in the U.S. state of Michigan.
WCW Backstage Assault is a professional wrestling video game by Electronic Arts.
We Are Rising is the second studio album by Ryan Lott under the Son Lux moniker.
Weare was selected for Wales international squads but never attained a full cap.
Web Adobe Flash animations may be interactive and are often created in a series.
Webcare is the online customer support of any organization through social media.
We declare that we will assist each other in endeavoring to repeal the said Act.
Weekly Reader was a weekly educational classroom magazine designed for children.
Weer is a municipality in the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.
We escaped down an access route and the troops pumped canisters at us as we ran.
Wei Brian is a skin care entrepreneur and CEO of Wei East and Wei Beauty Brands.
We is a documentary about the words of Indian activist and author Arundhati Roy.
Weisel is the founder of Montgomery Securities and later Thomas Weisel Partners.
Weiten is a town in the district of Melk in the Austrian state of Lower Austria.
Welcome to Fat City is the second studio album by Pennsylvania rock band Crobot.
Wellesley C Bailey was the founder of international charity The Leprosy Mission.
Wellington is a town in The Nilgiris District in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Wellington Willoughby had resigned from the assembly shortly after the election.
Wenham Lake is now a reservoir for the Salem and the Beverly Water Supply Board.
Went Black is a compilation album by the American hardcore punk band Black Flag.
West Ballina is a town located in the Northern Rivers Region of New South Wales.
Western dolls are popular in Africa and are often dressed with traditional garb.
Western Persian or Iranian Persian is the most widely spoken dialect of Persian.
Western Tennessee was still under the sea during the early part of the Cenozoic.
Westmoreland County is included in the Pittsburgh Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Westport no longer exists as a separate village and is not named on modern maps.
West Torrens is a Baseball club playing in the South Australian Baseball League.
We teach and believe all that ancient and historic Catholic Christendom teaches.
Wete District is one of the two districts in the North Pemba Region of Tanzania.
What a Life is the sixth studio album by Australian recording artist Adam Brand.
What are the potential risks and rewards of a planned military course of action?
What began as an outdoor concert became a full weekend of blues and jazz events.
What usually happens is the patient seeks an explanation for the hallucinations.
What You Know is the third and final studio album by American rock band Midtown.
Wheat yellow mosaic virus is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Potyviridae.
Wheeleria lyrae is a moth of the Pterophoridae family that is endemic to Greece.
Wheels that have been tested will bear the VIA mark in addition to the JWL mark.
When atromentin is oxidized with hydrogen peroxide a yellow product is produced.
When bardic music died out the knowledge of how the music was set also died out.
When Frederick II died building was stopped and the interior was never finished.
When frost does occur it is usually of short duration and not of great severity.
When going down the track just nudging the steering wheel may cost you the heat.
When he entered the Order of Saint Benedict he adopted "Paul" as his first name.
When in Germany they were honored to perform before Prince Luitipold of Bavaria.
When it is wet it resembles a big lake located right at the foot of Mt. Bulusan.
When it reached Oak Hill the west tornado demolished a house killing six people.
When it was released it landed on iTunes top electronic albums on the first day.
When the transition is finished other users will be able to contribute directly.
When they reached another inn the third doctor found he could not help stealing.
When two or more countries agree on terms that helps them trade with each other.
Where he gets entangled in a salon while seeking shelter from a strong blizzard.
Whether there was some monument predating this remains a matter for speculation.
While in Britain he served as a racing instructor at Brands Hatch racing school.
While on pilgrimage they met Sheik E Azam Peer Kaleem ullah Jahanabadi in Mecca.
While Schiellein operated the hotel he was appointed a police judge in Brooklyn.
While still playing he took over the Ardfert football team and had huge success.
While studying she met Castaneda and worked with him on developing his thinking.
Whilst at Ibrox he made two appearances and had a loan spell at Partick Thistle.
Whipping Boy is the third and final studio album of the Irish band Whipping Boy.
Whirligig is the first studio album by the alternative rock band The Caulfields.
Whistled languages use whistling to emulate speech and facilitate communication.
White attended Manteo High School and is a graduate of East Carolina University.
Whitehead is a rural municipality in the province of Manitoba in Western Canada.
Whitehead was advised to seek a settlement through the Workers Compensation Act.
White Oak Creek most likely was named for the white oak trees lining its course.
White Van Music is the first studio album by American hip hop producer Jake One.
WhiteWave was purchased by Danone and now does business as Danone North America.
Who Ache with Amorous Love is an album released by the rock group Half Japanese.
Who Came to Dinner is a comedy in three acts by George S. Kaufman and Moss Hart.
Wholeness and the Implicate Order is a book by theoretical physicist David Bohm.
Whoopi Goldberg took him to the Oscars as her guest one of the years she hosted.
Wickrematunge is the son of Harris Wickrematunge former deputy mayor of Colombo.
Wide area networks are often established with leased telecommunication circuits.
Wide eyed stereo Moving animated versions of ASCII stereograms are possible too.
Wiesenthau is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.
Wiesenttal is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.
Wiesing is a municipality in the Schwaz district in the Austrian state of Tyrol.
Wildflowers is the debut album by Canadian country music artist Cassandra Vasik.
Wild Onion is the second studio album released by American rock band Twin Peaks.
Wildwood Banjos are available both through direct sale and via a dealer network.
Wiles previously worked as a marketing manager for various cable media channels.
Wilks also previously served as Defensive coordinator for the Carolina Panthers.
Willa Mae Sudduth was one of the founders of the Coalition of Labor Union Women.
Will and Testament of Clerics is a controversial issue for a number of churches.
William A. Lambie was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a winger.
William A. Prout was a Liberian politician and Governor of Republic of Maryland.
William "Billy" Cranston is a fictional character in the Power Rangers universe.
William C. Rhodes was an American newspaper editor and politician from New York.
William fitzWimund was a Norman landholder in England after the Norman Conquest.
William Leon Clark was Deputy Chief of Chaplains of the United States Air Force.
William Schaff continued to create artwork for Okkervil River with this release.
Williams has also served as assistant conductor of the Britt Festival in Oregon.
Williams made films for the ABC television series Into the Night with Rick Dees.
Williams was the elder son of William ap Shon ap John ap Gruffydd of Rhosygeido.
William Tevie is the Director General for the National Communications Authority.
William Trent Rossell was the Engineer Commissioner of the District of Columbia.
William W. Menasco is a topologist and a professor at the University at Buffalo.
Willison also has a law degree from the George Washington University Law School.
Will later takes the case to defend a lady being prosecuted by a client company.
Wilson Avenue is a station on the BMT Canarsie Line of the New York City Subway.
Windows are placed near the base of the two sections on the sides of the facade.
Windust Hughey is an American sociologist known for his work on race and racism.
Wing Commander Michael Philip Westwood OBE is a retired Royal Air Force officer.
Winika is a monotypic genus of epiphytic orchids that is endemic to New Zealand.
Winning multiple competitions is seen as a particularly significant achievement.
Winstone is a village and civil parish in the English county of Gloucestershire.
Wish List is the fifth and final of five EPs by recording artist Tinchy Stryder.
With a gold and a silver medal Anky van Grunsven was the only multiple medalist.
WITHIN is a virtual reality content and technology company based in Los Angeles.
Within telecom and computer industries the life cycle may only last a few years.
Without a Fight is the sixth studio album by American rock band New Found Glory.
With partner Craig Zadan he runs the production company Storyline Entertainment.
With Ted being based on Bays and Marshall and Lily based on Thomas and his wife.
With that amount six ships were purchased from the United States Shipping Board.
With the artificial turf came the ability to have field colors other than green.
With the passage of time the usefulness of the series as a reference work waned.
With Tome he created Le Petit Spirou and made several Spirou et Fantasio albums.
Witnesses said that some of those killed were pulled off a bus by the policemen.
Wittelshofen is a municipality in the district of Ansbach in Bavaria in Germany.
Wittmackanthus is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family.
Witton was Fellow at University College and also a tenant of a College property.
Witzmannsberg is a municipality in the district of Passau in Bavaria in Germany.
WJEC broadcasts Classic Country and WVSA broadcast Southern Gospel music format.
Wli Waterfalls is the highest waterfall in Ghana and the tallest in West Africa.
WMV Player also allows Windows media files to be associated to QuickTime Player.
Wolfdale was replaced by Nehalem based Clarkdale and its Sandy Bridge successor.
Wolfersdorf is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany.
Wolf had asked Frank if he knew any blues guitarists and Frank recommended Stag.
Wolf Rock TV is an American animated series featuring the voice of Wolfman Jack.
Wolseley has undergone a number of dramatic political shifts since its creation.
Wonderful Wonderful is the fifth studio album by American rock band the Killers.
Woodlands is a rural municipality in the province of Manitoba in Western Canada.
Woods is the main opponent in the game and is the best rated player in the game.
Wootton continued teaching but the Woottons never had any children of their own.
Workers can be seriously harmed by the carbon disulfide used to make most rayon.
Workflow systems facilitate the automation and management of business processes.
Work intensity is defined as activity in relation to the capacity for that work.
Work is under way to construct a separate museum and railway for the collection.
Workplace aggression consists of harmful acts that harm others in organizations.
Works listed without an internet link have generally not been examined directly.
World Affairs is an American quarterly journal covering international relations.
Worldbeat is a music genre that blends pop rock with world or traditional music.
Worldfocus was an American newscast focused on international news and reporting.
World maps form a distinctive category of maps due to the problem of projection.
Wreckage is the name of three fictional characters from the Transformers series.
Wreck Of The World is the fifth studio album from American musician Willie Nile.
Wren believed that his character had not been fully developed during season one.
Wresinski noticed how these children shared among themselves what food they had.
Writer Bill James called Guerrero "the best hitter God has made in a long time."
Writer comes without preferences to avoid procrastination in the settings panel.
Writer/director Jason Cuadrado did not know any Japanese at the time of filming.
Writers and other artists play a role in bringing the issue to public attention.
Written for Visual Media and Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals.
Wroxall is a village and civil parish in the central south of the Isle of Wight.
Wu greatly promoted localization of sociology and ethnology in China as a whole.
WVMCC hosts a variety of special events and family programs throughout the year.
WWF organizes the traditional sportsmen community regarding conservation issues.
Wyatt is the first Indigenous Australian member of the House of Representatives.
Wynona Records is an Italian record company which only produces pop punk albums.
Wythenshawe Town Center is a tram stop on the Manchester Metrolink Airport Line.
Wyvern is a free game that is influenced by games such as Crossfire and NetHack.
Xanthoneura is an Indomalayan genus of grass skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
Xenia and J. Irwin Miller commissioned the sculpture and gave it to the library.
Xenoscelinae is a subfamily of pleasing fungus beetles in the family Erotylidae.
Xenoturbella is a genus of very simple bilaterians up to a few centimeters long.
XHVLO is owned by Grupo Audiorama and carries an oldies format known as Love FM.
Xiuhcuetzin was a Queen of Tenochtitlan as a wife of Aztec emperor Acamapichtli.
Yamaduts tell people or souls that they are dead and take them to the afterlife.
Yang is the Chief Scientist and Senior Vice President of Ask.com for web search.
Yankovskaya is the first female conductor to hold the music directorship of COT.
Yargo is a department or commune of Kouritenga Province in eastern Burkina Faso.
Yates Township is a civil township of Lake County in the U.S. state of Michigan.
Yatishwaranand is an Indian politician and member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
Yauyucan District is one of eleven districts of the province Santa Cruz in Peru.
Yearly it organizes Stalker Festival and is a partner in the Tallinn Music Week.
Yehuda Fulda is a businessman involved in various ventures in the US and Israel.
Yello is a Swiss electronic duo band consisting of Dieter Meier and Boris Blank.
Yerkheda is a census town in Nagpur district in the Indian state of Maharashtra.
Yet it may be possible to trace many of the early leets of Brothercross hundred.
Yezdi factory was located along the railway line which heads to Mysore Junction.
YFriday were a British Christian rock and worship band from Newcastle upon Tyne.
Yidgha is similar to the Munji language spoken on the Afghan side of the border.
Yogalingam held the position of Deputy Minister for Sports and Community Health.
Yogendra Rastogi is one of the most famous calendar art painters of North India.
Yoruba culture refers to the cultural norms of Yorubaland and the Yoruba people.
Yoshimura considered "Black and Blue" the favorite script he wrote for Homicide.
You can have a glittery pink manicure and cook a fucking terrific roast chicken.
You can learn how to cook variety of Indian foods by watching this cookery show.
You can view some of these letters and see photos from the show at his web site.
You is the first soundtrack album by American singer and musician Elvis Presley.
You is the second studio album by American singer and songwriter Meghan Trainor.
You is the second studio album of American glam rock band Semi Precious Weapons.
Young is best known as the only man to have a professional win over Aaron Pryor.
You Now is the debut studio album from Contemporary Gospel singer Smokie Norful.
Your Intentions E.P. is the debut EP by English alternative rock band Septembre.
Yours is the last studio album by Northern Irish indie rock band General Fiasco.
You the news format RTL II News as well as the weather of RTL II were broadcast.
Yuba Raj Khatiwada is an economist and the current Minister of Finance of Nepal.
Yuma County is a county in the southwestern corner of the U.S. state of Arizona.
Yuma is the site of one of the few National Historic Landmarks in the Southwest.
Yzeures also offers a range of tourism activities and second homes are numerous.
Zac has been labeled a "hottie" and his generally remembered for his good looks.
Zaio is a municipality located in the province of Nador in northeastern Morocco.
Zakaryan was defeated in the first round by eventual Gold Medalist Wijan Ponlid.
Zamalek magazine is the official magazine of the Egyptian football club Zamalek.
Zebilla is located in the Bawku West district of the Upper East Region of Ghana.
Zehetner owns and runs the Sports nutrition consulting firm Fueling Performance.
Zehr is considered to be a pioneer of the modern concept of restorative justice.
Zeke Thurston is a Canadian rodeo cowboy who specializes in saddle bronc riding.
Zendoku is a video game developed by Zoonami and published by Eidos Interactive.
Zenon has also been a member of the Cincinnati Bengals and Jacksonville Jaguars.
Zephyranthinae was a subtribe of plants classified under the tribe Hippeastreae.
Zephyrarchaea janineae is endemic to the South West Region in Western Australia.
Zero Gear is a racing game developed and published by American studio NimbleBit.
Zheleznogorsk Urban Okrug is the name of several municipal formations in Russia.
Zhiritskiy is a lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon.
Zimbabwe also toured England to compete in a two match test series with England.
Zimmer describes his journalistic beat as "life" or "what it means to be alive."
Zincton is a ghost town located in the West Kootenay region of British Columbia.
Ziwani is a small town in Coast Province of Kenya near the border with Tanzania.
Ziyunites is an extinct genus of cephalopods belonging to the Ammonite subclass.
Zographetus is an Indomalayan genus of grass skippers in the family Hesperiidae.
Zollernia is a genus of the family Fabaceae native to Central and South America.
Zomergasten has become one of the signature programs of Dutch public television.
Zooflagellates have one or more flagella but do not have plastids or cell walls.
Zots come in various shapes and sizes and they are used to decorate the toobers.
Zundeliomyces is a monotypic genus of fungi found in the family Microbotryaceae.
Zuni fetishes are small carvings made from various materials by the Zuni people.
Zwar has also appeared in the feature films The Wedding Party and Rats and Cats.